R38TORPBE9TVDH	Great camera. Period!
R3G1N50STYE4XI	Incredible camera.  Fast. Durable.  Great pictures!  Lots of new features.
R2BJ56PZ56P4ZD	Nikon really does a nice job on photo quality. The D750 has an excellent noise profile for both stills and video,
and it produces significantly cleaner raw images than the Sony A99 does as ISO sensitivity increases --
unsurprising, since the latter is two years old and its image processing doesn't benefit from a couple years of
fine tuning. I like the more neutral white balance of the Sony's default profile, though; Nikon's is just a hair
shifted toward red/blue. And while the D810 maintains sharpness and tonal range better across the sensitivity
range, for about $1,000 less the D750's photo quality stands up pretty well against the D810's.
R2V3GUXBYV5OUE	My wife and I have a photo business.  We were shooting a D7000 and a D600.  We drew straws for who had to shoot the 7000, but no more since we got a D750.  We've shot thrice with it and are in love.  A nice upgrade from the 600 and an amazing upgrade from the 7000.  Focus is nearly instantaneous, I like the &#34;deeper&#34; grip, when shooting little ones, the high speed burst of 6.5 fps is quite nice.  There's more metal on this than the 600, it feels slightly more solid, I'm a very happy customer.  I could see us getting another one in the not-too-distant future.
R2WTQ60A894FRS	I pick this camera up more often than my D800.  Excellent image quality and auto focus.... Controls are confusing but i'm sure i'll get used to them.
R2QEAJ0347BFPP	Just received, few shots. I think camera is very good. Very disgusting, in a few days since bought, its cost decreases $150. WTF!
R2QJDA5HH8O1NO	Awesome Camera and lense!
R2NPKAT90QYQ1N	The camera is good, but I am not happy with the price. I bought this with 1996.95 bucks a couple of days ago, but the price is 1895 right now. I wish Amazon can refund the 100 bucks to me.
R2KIP96ZOSJ9OZ	Hands down the best camera I've ever owned. After shooting a D70 and a D7000 for years, it was worth every penny.
R3OMK9U1LBCS46	Absolutely perfect.  Great price, shipped quickly, and in excellent condition.  Couldn't be more pleased.
R2X9PVZPETCNCK	Hands on with this camera body, my first impressions coming from the Dx world were, this got to be worth it, since It's a big step in terms of money for a hobby.
I received my D750 brand new last friday october 2nd, and it comes with less accesories than any Dx Dslr, which I'm not complaining about, just mentioning. I grabbed it and was impressed with its low weight, considering its a Full frame body.
Attached the straps and charged the battery, and configured some buttons of the camera, attached my 50mm 1.8 and started to test it around some stuff, I loved how sharp the pictures where, further on that day, low light, I read that it's performance was superb, and I agree with it, about sunset, on a cloudy evening, was taking some shots of my dogs, and it performed very well.
I always shoot RAW, coming from lightroom 4.4 the previous Nikon body I had read my NEF's without an issue both on Mac and PC, then, when I wanted to import the raws from my test shootout, lightroom or Photoshop did not recognized my NEFS, which lead me to investigate further into it, turns out I needed adobe lightroom 5.7.1 at least, for the NEF's to be recognized, no problem, ok, now with the latest version, I went through my images, and was amazed with the quality of the pictures, had some re-touching at Lightroom and ready to go.
So far, had not experienced any issues with this amazing body, and I'm looking forward to my next adventures, this is a great upgrade coming from dx and not wanting to spend $3000 for a D810.
From what I've read, this Fx's works best with prime lens, I have a 17-35mm f2.8, 50mm 1.8 and have had excelent results.
Glad I did the investment.
R17T0BFADPF3UP	I'm a professional architecture/real estate photographer who has owned the D750 for many months now, and have used it extensively in that time...I also own the D810 and D4.  Each camera is used for different purposes.  The D810 is my work camera...as the megapixel powerhouse that it is, I use it strictly on a tripod to photograph architecture and landscapes.  The D4 is used for sports/action photography.
The D750 is my general purpose hand-held camera, and for that type of work I cannot be more pleased with  it.  It's significantly easier to handle than the D4 or 810...it's lighter than both of them, and easier to grip in my hands (I have averaged-sized hands).  The sensor in the D750 takes very crisp and clear photographs, albeit slightly on the overexposed side of things.  I generally set the camera to underexpose by -0.7 (two-thirds of a stop) to account for the camera's penchant to overexpose slightly.  That seems to balance out the exposures well.
If you shoot in Jpeg format, you will be pleased with the speed of this camera.  Its processor punches through jpegs efficiently, and produces vivid and nicely saturated color and contrast.
The &#34;Picture Control&#34; setting in the menu affords the shooter the ability to choose from a variety of exposure settings, and Nikon has added a &#34;Flat&#34; setting to the choices from previous models.  The &#34;Flat&#34; setting seems to nicely distribute both highlights and shadows in a photograph, even in highly contrasting environments such as sunsets.  There is plenty of information available to recover in darker areas of a photograph using Lightroom or Photoshop.  I typically use either the &#34;Standard&#34; or &#34;Flat&#34; settings, as they seem to do the best job rendering exposures evenly.
Power-up time is speedy...the camera is almost immediately ready to shoot when you turn it on.  If you wish to delve into the menus, you have to wait maybe a couple of seconds after powering on.  The shutter is relatively quiet and smooth.  There is a quiet setting for the shutter which helps subdue the shutter noise, but I never use it.
If you are already familiar with Nikon menus and button placement, there is zero learning curve with this camera.  If you are new to Nikon, the menus are easy to navigate using the multi-selector pad on the right side rear of the camera.  There is adequate space around the multi-selector so that pressing it won't cause you to accidentally press other buttons.  I own several micro four thirds cameras, and it drives me absolutely nuts when trying to keep my fingers from accidentally pressing buttons which are insanely close together on MFT cameras.  It makes me appreciate the size of a pro-level DSLR, which for my money is the only type of camera with adequate space on the back of a camera to properly spread out buttons.
Speaking of buttons, I prefer to back-button focus when I shoot.  On the D4 and D810, there is a button titled &#34;AF ON&#34; which is used exclusively to focus...the camera will autofocus only when I press that button, instead of focusing when you half-press the shutter.  Unfortunately the D750 does not come with a button exclusively for back button focusing.  As such, it does allow you to customize the buttons to do what you want them to do...I ended up using the &#34;AE-L/AF-L&#34; button to autofocus, which is perfectly placed on the back of the camera to use as the focus button.
Using live-view on a Nikon DSLR is sort of like playing pong on an Atari.  It's LCD screen is rudimentary and brutally painful to use as a live focus aid.  Especially when magnified in on a subject, the resolution of the screen is simply terrible.  It's barely good enough to properly focus on a subject, as you have to pay careful attention to drown out all the noise on the screen (especially in lower light environments).  I do use live-view when focusing on a tripod on landscape shoots, and it for that purpose it's helpful.
The one big &#34;negative&#34; characteristic about this camera for me is the lack of buffer space when shooting in RAW.  If you prefer to shoot RAW images, as I do sometimes, you will be unimpressed with the amount of shots you can fire off before the buffer fills up.  When I've shot RAW images in rapid succession, it only feels like maybe 5 or 6 shots are fired before I have to wait for the processor to clear the buffer.  It almost makes fast action shooting impossible if you want to shoot in RAW.  That said, it handles smaller Jpegs much better.
For those of you who aren't interested in controlling aperture or exposure, the camera has an &#34;Auto&#34; setting which basically turns a professional camera into a point-and-shoot.  Just spin the program dial to the green camera, and it will take care of all of the settings for you.  Otherwise, you have the standard MASP options, as well as two custom slots if you have customized settings that you wish to set.
The camera has two SD card slots which are easily accessible on the right side of the body via a plastic flap.  As you'd expect, you can choose to either have one of the cards used as a backup, or to use it as an overflow after the first card is full.  The battery is accessible via the bottom of the camera.  Speaking of the battery, it lasts a very long time...I have yet to burn out a fully charged battery, and that's after several hundred shots.  That said, I always carry a spare battery.  You just never know when a battery may behave a little funny, and they are so light and small, there's just no reason not to have a backup handy.
The low-light imagery this camera produces is exceptional.  I have shot at high ISOs in low light with ease.  There is relatively little noise, even at higher ISOs, compared to most other cameras I've used.  The 750 certainly rivals the D4s with respect to low light/high ISO imagery.  The dynamic range of the 750 is superb.  Sunset or sunrise shots are processed with ease.  You can purposely underexpose a shot to keep highlights tame, and in post process bring out the shadows with plenty of noiseless detail available.
I owned the Sony A7s and A7II to be used as my hiking/walk-around cameras, and subsequently sold both of them because I always opted for the 750.  I, like many people, used to think that mirrorless cameras are a smaller, lighter option to a DSLR...but full-frame mirrorless cameras such as the A7II, when coupled with a lens, are barely smaller or lighter than a 750 with similar focal length lens attached.  And, in my opinion, the 750 produces better images than the A7II, especially in high contrast environments.  The A7s takes wonderful low light images, but as I said before, the D750 is plenty good enough in low light to essentially render the A7s unnecessary for my purposes.
Weather-sealing in the D750 is not as rugged or strong as the old trusty D700. The body just doesn't feel quite as heavy or solid as the 700, or 810.  That said, I have used it several times in pretty heavy rain and it operated and survived just fine.  I would say that weather-sealing is adequate...but not exceptional.
Generally speaking, the D750 is a very good performing DSLR for its price.  I think Nikon did their best to create a camera that has many pro features, but also appeals to the amateur (i.e. by including an auto feature).  The D750 strikes a good balance between power, versatility, and ease of use.  I would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a capable, all-around good performer for practically any type of photography.
RG9XZV4MEZTIZ	Amazing in low light, best value. Use controls take some getting used to, but it's been so solid for almost a year now. Has still worked after a few nasty spills too.
R2DLK9BX69IEM8	This thing is a BEAST. Excellent build quality. Excellent photos. All the bells and whistles of a pro body. I don't even think about ISO and grain anymore. You just know that it'll be usable, even if ISO is maxed out.
R1LPJCVUWHJ7EN	I should have gone this route long time ago. I stuck with the 7000 for several years until I finally decided to upgrade and it makes a big difference as far as the ability to take your pictures and the improved quality. Not so different from the 7000 that you could not use it out of the box. You should get additional manuals in order to maximize its potential.
R1M1RLJGDGVDS7	Love my new D750 I take it everywhere easy to used and great picts and movies clips
R3R4S2IC4DC44Q	I work as a full time small newspaper photographer. I've used Nikon equipment all my career. This is the best by far I've ever owned. I've used D3s bodies and this one is as good even on high ISO. I shoot 8000-12,800 often and it looks better than 4000 on my old D7000 body. Get it if you can.
RFAUTZII2LA3I	Unbelievable camera. Does everything I expected and more! If you want an extraordinary camera then this is the one for you. I have used a D600 and figured this D750 was a slight upgrade, but it's a major upgrade. Only reason for going to a D810 would be for the 36mp. But then you lose the flippy screen, which works incredibly well. You will find yourself using it often!
RTUS2AYM9RALV	Moved up from a DX-format D7000 and love it. Low light is much better with very little noise. Amazing!
R1YP5X1XQ81U36	As a Nikon owner for many years, this camera body has allot to offer.
Cameras can become very personable to many people so reviews have to be taken with a grain of salt.
I only wish this D750 and other Nikon bodies in the prosumer range had no low pass filter like the D810.
R21VALAVSVMYPU	Beautiful Camera!
R1OUAK1XFIXA6Q	Often in life there is a development that comes along the way and alters how things are done.
 I 've handled imaging equipment,ranging from a lot of printers and cameras,with them I ve made images that has made statements in different ways.
But today I want to talk about a particular tool called &quot;Nikon D750&quot; photography camera.
Before I purchased it,a war took place in my mind,between getting Nikon D750 and Canon 5D MKIII,but am glad I went for the Nikon.My determinant factor was dynamic range.If you shoot in Africa and mostly black skin,then you will appreciate the importance of dynamic range in retrieving images from low light.I tried with canon 6D and it failed completely to that regards.
I have worked with series of camera ranging from Yashica MF2,Nikon D40x,d200,D300,D90,D5100,D3200,D7000 and  Canon 6D.
Among all these tools,this Nikon D750 is a tool that comes on board and changed for good everything.In a lot of ways this is just groundbreaking tool;it's auto focus ability is just miraculous,it's low light ability is better experienced than explained,dynamic range is super,file size is balanced not too small nor too big,try shooting a wedding on raw on all the 30's-50's megapixel camera and watch your hard disk  diminishes.But one feature that I find amazing unlike anything before it is its color reproduction,it's colour matching ability is second to none.
This camera is truly legendary and will be a staple for measuring good cameras in years to come.
For Nigeria photographers,am truly sorry ,this camera and 24-70 2.8 and 70-200  2.8 lenses will set you $7500 back,but that's the prize for getting tools that will give you the confidence and bring your ability to its limits.
R2VOIDKCSK3QON	I'm not the best at writing reviews, and there are already enough here to explain why this camera is the best of it's kind. I'm here to say that I totally back every person who says this camera is amazing.
Also, thanks to all who take the time to write elaborate reviews for the rest of us. We appreciate it!
R3P83W2JFMQMNE	the camera is very good but the lens 24-120mm is not good for this camera. i recommend to buy the body only and get another lens
R1ANJAZA9UECY5	Great camera especially for landscapes, particularly with Nikon 14-24 and Nikon 24-70.  Fairly easy to customize,  great dynamic range, and relatively lightweight.  Haven't used a 70-200 f2.8 on it yet.  It may need a battery grip for longer lenses, including Nikon 24-70.  Tamron 24-70 balances very nicely w/out the grip on the D750 but was difficult to get focus consistently accurate.
R84Q8LJMBSIGS	Awesome camera.
R1YR93PJ9GDAAW	A real work horse. An amazing dslr any day. Coming from someone who owns a D700 and a D3s already, this camera is what you have been waiting for. Picture are video quality are amazing. This is now my favourite camera. Some say it even takes better low light images than the Nikon D4s. You simply cannot go wrong with this camera
R2M6IJJ1Y3U226	This is a tremendous offering for the money. So far happy for the D750 which we are using for video production. Basically the only thing you'll need is a 2.5&#34; SSD drive  and you have enough for basic production. We use better audio equipment and additional lenses but for the money, great single package.
RPOIAWUMA6BFS	Just amazing. Awesome camera.
R3D32O3XNM06YM	Great camera for the ameratur or the pro. Easy to use fairly light weight. I got mine with the 24-120 MM lens, very  versatile.I photograph a lot of high speed and time exposure images. Hummingbirds, Fireworks, Lightening, and ildlife. It's the perfect camera fore all the aforementioned.
R5NK5A4AS4S75	The item came in and it was wonderful machine to work with. Took it to Nikon 4 months later to get the dust cleaned out from it. However Nikon rejected it because it was a &#34;Grey Market&#34; camera which the seller failed to advertised.
R1CN0DLXHDDW7L	I love my new camera!  My husband had some really nice lens from the &#34;film days&#34;, so we bought this camera to be able to start using them again.  This camera is everything I was hoping for.  I have been using to shoot sports shots and really like the 6fps for this.  It has been fairly easy to learn where all of the controls are located and to make the necessary changes.
R3PSQW1519JBI9	Not much more that needs to be said about this camera that hasn't already been covered. I do want to reiterate how amazing this thing is in low light. I shot a party with very dim lighting and the autofocus picked up the people perfectly. Match this with any decent glass and you will fall in love.
My current lenses with this lens are: Nikon 70-200mm 2.8 VRII & the Sigma 35mm 1.4 (incredibly amazing lens btw).
Ive attached a photo shot at 2000 ISO with a moving subject
R1SQT9EVIWMN53	I upgraded from a D7100 and couldn't be happier.
R1Q4DSYPXBR8C	The best camera in the DSLR ever made.  The dynamic range is THE BEST ever made, the quality, image color, everything is perfect, better than any Canon or Nikon made. I sold my Nikon D4's for two of these cameras. Nikon calls it a semi-pro camera, but I am a full time wedding pro traveling all around the world, shooting nearly 40 weddings a year, high end weddings, and I use only Nikon D750's, which makes them a PRO camera by default. Call them what you want, but most of the pros I know using Nikon have the D750's for a reason. Plus they are light and not so freaking huge, bulky, and weighty.
It's going to be a while before anyone upgrades their Nikon cameras to something else since it basically has everything you need. Yes, I wish the Shutter could go to 8000 instead of 4000, but that doesn't bother me. If it's too bright, and I want a 1.4 F/Stop, then I can just throw on a filter, but I rarely need to do that.
Besides that, I am happy with my Nikon. Unbelievable images quality!
R2XIG57P79Y0WF	The camera more than met my expectations. I can take quick snap shots and also be creative with the may features
R3BWGA21OMCIEL	Switched from mirrorless APS-C to D750, best all around camera!
R5EUHBMGNBCEB	i wouldn't trust the reviews of an amazon purchase for a 3K camera, but i love it.
RBTBL0SG9JYR	I also own a Nikon D800E. This camera is second only to the D800E only because it has a slightly lower MP count, which really shouldn't matter to most people. 24MP is plenty and there are many features and aspects of it that are better than the D800. The ergonomics are better and it is an easier camera to handle for the most part. It's just a superb camera in every respect. I highly recommend it to anyone in the market for a full-frame Nikon.
RHP6T7F49M3YW	For years I used a D7000.  I loved the results it provided and it served me well.
Finally the time came to upgrade to a full-frame camera.  After a lot of research, I landed on the D750.
I wasn't expecting to see a huge jump from the D7000.  That was a mistake.  The build is more refined, the adjustable LCD is a huge bonus when shooting on a tripod.  The low light performance is nothing short of incredible.  The processing speed can't even be compared to my old crop sensor.
The only thing that makes me roll my eyes are some of the features that I will never use.  One of them is HDR.  I actually do a lot of HDR photography.  I do it via three bracketed images.  I thought that maybe this would be a nice option.  WRONG.  If you are shooting is Aperture priority, or most of the manual modes, you can't use the HDR.
Who is going to buy this camera to use it in any kind of Auto Mode?  (Please don't answer that.  I know those people are out there).
One thing I wish was included was GPS.  It's not a big deal since I just moved my GPS unit from my D7000 to this one. It still would have been nice to have that build in.
One feature that feels off, is the wifi connectivity.  It has HUGE potential, but right now it's next to useless.  It really needs a healthy update to give it some gusto. Right now you can use it as a remote shutter release and to transfer photos to an app.  The shutter release doesn't even allow you to focus like most wireless triggers.  It just feels half baked.  Hopefully we'll see some enhancements come soon.
Some of the special modes are fun, but again, you have to be in an auto mode to use them.  On top of that, you can pull off most of those effects in Lightroom or Photoshop after the fact.  On top of that, most of those features force you to use JPEG instead of RAW since it's doing the processing inside the camera.  I know it's not possible to run a mode like that in a RAW format.  It's just a nice to know when you are looking at the features of this camera.  A lot of those features are going to take away your control.
Overall, I love this camera.  The only thing that knocks a star off are the parts that feel half baked or are unusable unless you are running in an auto mode.  For anyone shooting in RAW who uses Lightroom and Photoshop, most of the extra features in this camera are going to be virtually useless.
RUBEVM4ZMBEUS	Have only been using this camera for about a week. I was using a D7100 which I love. The D750 allows me to take full advantage of some of my older &#34;pre digital&#34; Nikon lenses. Its early but so far I love this camera.
R3SJ16IWMCB9J	Best full frame ever!!  Nikon has done it again!!
R23IJ0YF5EWAJL	Can't fault this camera for almost every situation.  It is heavy, and might cause some issues if you were... backpacking.  But, it takes unsurpassed photos that are technically correct and brilliant.  I bought mine with 120mm telephoto Nikon lens, and it is tack sharp at all stops.  Well made, great controls, easy to use if a beginner, but enough settings for the pro.  Low and difficult lighting is no sweat for this camera, and battery life is excellent with almost 1,200 pictures, and over 5,000 photos on a 64GB SD card.  Won't go into all the camera nut nitty gritty that others have posted here... but suffice it to say you will not be disappointed if you already know how to take a decent photo. For the money, nothing can touch it.
R1NPBW37P3NJG0	Why did they make the ISO button the same as the reduce-size-of-preview button? That has to be the most awkward placement ever. The deeper grip stresses my wrist faster than the grip on my D700. Overall, I wish I could have this camera's specs with my D700's body, but Nikon doesn't currently have a FF camera that could give me all of the specs I wanted with a comfortable body layout. So while I am overall happy with this camera, in many ways I feel like I'm settling.
R1413AA3PW8JV3	I received this camera which is fabulous.  Crystal clear pictures, defenitely happy I upgraded from Dx.  The lense that seems to be a great deal after three months does not feel durable.  The grip has popped off while in use.  I am trying to find out how to replace this lense.
R3IP1ZFL7CYDIS	I currently have a D610 and have been looking to upgrade. The D810 was too steep in price for me (although I would love to have one!). When I saw rumors of a &#34;sports&#34; DSLR from Nikon, I was keeping a close watch over what it might be. The D750, when announced did get me excited. It was a clear upgrade over the D610. Now, given that the D610 is two years old (I am counting D600 time as well), is the additional price justified? I am not sure I can answer that but the specs were good. There are just my first impressions of the camera, I will update as I use it more.
I shoot nature most of the time. ISO100 is almost my default setting. Longer exposures are also norm for me. I typically do not see the higher end of the exposure especially given I am mostly at F11 or smaller aperture (yes, dont try that with a D600!). I have used the D610 for one indoor dance shoot (https://www.flickr.com/photos/nharish/sets/72157644649788681/) and that was one time I felt I could use a higher ISO than 1... Read more
R3KM2EVF7A9IBM	Great camera. I still have yet to explore it thoroughly, nor has it become 'second nature' to me yet, but in the few weeks that I have had it, I am continually impressed. It was the 2014 Camera of the Year for a reason. If you're on the fence, jump.
See the many reviews out there for comparisons and strengths ... all I can add is I am finding it exactly as &#34;advertised&#34; ... !
RGAIA3VNEWIKY	Functionally, the D-750 I received yesterday is a sweet image-maker.  My only negative immediate observation is that it does not appear to be as ruggedly-built as my now-retired D-300.  A little on the &#34;plasticky&#34; side with the OK button.  Great low-light performance.  Will shoot my first gig with it tonight & will report to you guys later.
R2FLAJD59XFRF	The Nikon D750 is the best body I have owned. My previous Nikons were the D800, Df, and D300. I have shot almost 7,000 images in the past 7 months. It is rock-solid, has great battery life and takes great pictures. Transferring images to your iPhone is fast and easy with WiFi. I recommend getting the OP/TECH 1501372 Pro Loop Camera Strap from Amazon for extra comfort when carrying your camera.
R1RU8DOKTCC3SB	This camera is so amazing! Upgraded from the d300 and never looked back. Can't imagine a better DSLR.
R222CM2BO7MXOO	This camera is a Boss! It is everything that I hoped it would be. Still learning all the things it will do. It is light and I love the layout of the controls.
R3IWN755IXDMN9	My first DSLR was a Nikon D5200, and while it performed well for what it cost, it just wasn't enough for me - poor low light performance, slow autofocus, etc. After two years of shooting on it, I decided to upgrade to an FX body, and was ready to pull the trigger on a used D610 when I started reading reviews for the D750.
Everything that has been written - 99.9% being incredibly positive - is absolutely true about this camera body. It's unbelievable in low light situations, which is mostly what I shoot in, and you have MUCH more leeway in terms of ISO and noise with this body. Even the pixel peepers will have a hard time crying about noise at high ISO on the D750. Autofocus is insanely fast, and I have yet to have an issue with the camera not being able to focus on something in near pitch black rooms. I tested this camera out by taking shots of stuff in my daughter's room at night. Not only did the camera still focus quickly, but I was able to bump up the exposure a few stops in Lightroom and have a perfectly acceptable image with little noticeable noise. I wouldn't even dream of doing this on my D5200.
The only issue I really had with the D750 was the lack of an ISO button on the top of the camera. Nikon, unlike Canon, allows you to reprogram basically any button on the camera, and the record button on top of the body is now my ISO adjustment button. Now, the camera's perfect.
This camera body is definitely on the expensive side for a casual photographer/hobbyist/amateur, but I'm a firm believer in 'you get what you pay for', and you certainly get a lot with this camera. It was worth every penny that I paid for it, and I honestly don't see myself ever needing to upgrade this body. Just make sure you use good glass on this body, because using cheap glass would be a sin.
R18OPBQJFM1AJU	Excellent. However, one drawback is location of f/stops. Cumbersome.
R2XO1SMUJZQV6X	Great camera. one of the many i own. Best in class. for mid level category, and not at all expensive for the quality and features in this camera.
R13CDHDBYI1HQY	The only problem is the power cable for the charger was not working. I need a replacement.
R19WCSEODRIPAR	I am a professional photographer who shoots weddings, portraits, and events so I was looking for a high end smaller DSLR. Im not going to go into so much detail that others do in the reviews but I will say that I love this camera. I have a D3s as well that I highly enjoy using but I find myself reaching for this one more often. There is something that I do not light about it and that is the speed of which the image is written to the card and shows up on the screen. Im used to the D3s showing the image right away, its quick and it helps when shooting events such as weddings. I cant say its the cards Im using either because I use Sandisk extreme  pro 95mb/s cards. My guess its the natural buffer or something in the camera that slows it down. This is my only draw back but its so minor that its not worth deducting a star. I like the size, weight, feel, comfort, quality and just about everything else in this camera. I even tried out the Wi-Fi and it works great. Good job nikon. Over all Im very happy with the camera and its already made its moneys worth in only a few sittings. A keeper.
R3JLW2LR0BJOJ0	It was my dream camera, it took me quite a lot of time to get one, but then as soon as i opened up my camera, the battery charger didnt work, after 2 days the sensor problem.
I am not blaming anyone for it. I am returning this item with a heavy heart. You betrayed me Nikon.
Thank you amazon for taking this item back. You have been a trustworthy partner for me. Thanks for your amazing service.
R8WGYLDA46ZY2	This is an excellent camera for an advanced amateur/hobbyist.  good low light sensitivity at high ISO with less noise than my D7000. The 24-120 F4 is sharp and has good contrast.  I've shot some low light events with it with very good results.
R2VG9S3BRQ3A95	Love this camera! Although my lens seems to have a weird little defect on the glass. Maybe it needs some cleaning but I'm not sure. Camera came quickly and I love it. The defect doesn't seem to show up in photos but time will tell.
RNU1LG91LY490	Coming from the D800, I'm a little disappointed with the lower resolution.  I go this one thinking I would use the wifi feature to &#34;tether&#34;, but you have to download an app to your phone and it's to tether to your phone... I haven't don that yet, but originally thought it was like a wireless tether, which it is not...
I do like the dual SD cards so I can get rid of my clunky CF cards for good now.  I like how it's also the same batter as the D800, so I can interchange my spares.
R31Q4EAOTL60JZ	camera came without annual and i was told that is Nikon's policy
Lens came without UV filter, in past, all nikon lens came with UV filters
Delivery was prompt and in time.
R2VCZ6R0QAMOLH	This camera is really great. I upgraded from a D7000 and, after getting used to some small differences, was out shooting and using the adjustable back screen with gusto. I found the grip to be better, too.
R3SXTAMKT8T3HR	Awesome camera, love the fact that it is very customizable.
R2ZP3UZ0GW5SBR	I shot an entire wedding without the use of an external flash! I used the on camera flash approximately 10 times because I was experimenting.
Even at ISO 12,800 a colleague of mine could not believe the results, he expected the pics to show easily recognizable noise! This baby is a BEAST!!!!!!
R3VHOY8UGOAMGS	Finally a 35mm image size equivalent camera I have been waiting for.
R2P6T6LWM5C20C	Bast Nikon Camara ever D750
R2IFCQRSWSMT94	I purchased this kit as someone completely new to Nikon. Sure, this kit is a serious chunk of change, but you do save several hundred dollars purchasing the kit compared to each item individually. I had even gone so far as to price out each component if they were used, and buying the kit brand new was still a better deal. If you're already heavily invested in Nikon bodies and lenses, this probably isn't for you unless you need multiple setups.
Out of the box, you're supplied with everything you need to start shooting photos or video except for memory cards/recording media. You'll need to purchase some fast SD cards for the D750 because the kit does not supply you with one. Also, the Atomos Ninja does not include recording media, so you'll need to purchase your own SSD or HDD if you want to use it.
The 3 supplied prime lenses are top notch. They're the perfect starter set and much higher quality than your typical kit lens that's usually slower and made of cheaper components. Naturally, while the included primes are fantastic and an important part of any photographer's kit, you'll probably want to build up a lens collection custom to your needs and wants. The items included in the kit are more of a barebones setup for video too. So, while this kit will provide the camera and decent external recording device, you'll still need the rest of the support gear that comes with the DSLR territory.
There are plenty of reviews about the D750 itself, so I'll skip all of that here. For people interested in purchasing the Film Maker's Kit, it's a great collection of the basics.
R2VIVC7YP24QDQ	Love it. It's a wonderful full frame camera. I have not be disappointed by any of its features or the picture quality.
R3L5DYD4LU7T0U	Amazing performance for a camera that is lighter than most cameras with similar characteristics. Low light performance is very, very impressive as is the long list of features of this camera. As an amateur I'm still exploring the many options this camera has to offer
R6FL00QWRJ0XQ	I switched last year from Canon to Nikon. This is an all around best prosumer camera your money can buy. The grip is awesome. Although I have a strap I feel very comfortable just holding the camera with a 70-200 and not worry about accidentally dropping it. Here are some photos from my public page shot by my D750. Copy and paste www.facebook.com/apertureprodigy Feel free to follow me. I always post my meta data/exif data/settings on all my photos and always open for advice.
R315GVVHZ2PU5M	Simply the sexiest, most delicious electronic item and camera I've ever known. I don't have extensive experience with it yet, but gaining more understanding daily. If you're on the fence about moving to full frame, or which full frame camera to begin the next chapter in your photography career, you are going to be very happy with this camera. Absolutely LOVE It!!
R1P7Q9K04BSBFK	Excellent camera.  I would recommend to anyone..
R1IJZEDFXA0SEN	Super camera - bought it as a backup for my D800 (had to put it in the shop). The noise reduction is superior to the D800 and the video functionality is much better. I also like the ability to control the (stereo) sound level manually - big improvement over all the DSLR's I've had before. However, I am a real estate photographer, so there are a few things that slow down my workflow, such as the visual level is not available in live view whereas the level on the D800 and D7000 shows on live view automatically if you want it. Also, the wireless trigger is very weak - it doesn't work unless you are standing right next to the camera. I had to get a new cable for my Yonguo triggers so I could remotely trigger an off-camera flash because the connector is different than the D800. Not only is that connector different - the USB connector is different from any of the other cameras - the D800 has a USB 3.0 output, the D750, D7000 and D300 all have USB 2.0, but each one is different. Why can they not just have a standard? Anyway, overall it is a great piece of equipment and works well for real estate photography and is excellent for videography.
R3MWRVEXXCFJVJ	It made it to all the expectations I had.
Good performance in low light. Focusing is accurate on almost all conditions.
R2KJBXNDH6FFC6	I purchased this camera back in February after Nikon did their recall for the flare issue.  I upgraded from a Nikon D7000,  I love this camera.  The quality of the pictures in low light is amazing.  I did not purchase the kit lens, just the body.  I paired it with a 50mm 1.4 and an 85mm 1.8, all I can say is wow.  If you are wanting to upgrade to an FX from a DX format I would strongly consider this camera.  Coming from the D7000 a lot of the buttons are the same so the learning curve was low.  I do think for the money you pay Nikon should include a shoe mount cover.  Nobody needs to get the electrical mounts dirty when not in use.  I found one on line for $5.00 (here on Amazon).
I took this to the Georgia Aquarium and the pictures I got were out of this world.  My D7000 would not have performed as well in low light.  I am looking forward to using this camera for many years.
R1W5OFALMHLG2B	I purchased this camera as a step up from D7000. The image quality is amazing and the High ISO is unbeleivable for someone coming from a DX sensor. After a month of usage I can say the auto focus is definitely a step up and is spot on most of the time.
Couple other features that are great are
 - Auto-ISO which lets you select the ISO range you are happy with and the camera will ride this list up and down as required while you worry about shutter speed and aperture.
 - Plays nice with DX lenses. I have a couple of DX lenses that I cant afford to replace straight away, and being able to see what the camera will capture through view finder is great, as well as the option to throw away anything that is not within the DX crop. This saves having big files with black rings which have to be removed in post processing.
R2ZXS3JN9JBT45	Love it!
R1RUW9FH21ZGBN	Overall very happy with the new camera. Some of the controls could be a bit more user-friendly. Image quality very good.
REZ3E3VGF6HDH	Loved my D90 since 2008 (18-200 Nikkor lens).  For awhile, I've been wanting to upgrade to a full-frame camera and was deliberating for months between the D610 and the D750.  Last week I decided to &#34;buy ahead&#34; and bought the D750 and Nikkor 28-300 lens and did a photo-shoot of the dogs and the results about knocked my socks off (one of the dogs is a puppy so best to keep socks on).  I'm actually at a loss for sufficient superlatives.  Four days later, I went back to the camera store after deciding I had to realize the full potential of the camera by investing in lenses it is worthy of:  Nikkor 70-200 (2.8) and Nikkor's prime 28 (1.8).  Surprised myself by investing so much so quickly in lenses, but I was persuaded by my history with the D90 which I had gotten an extreme amount of use from (and in some extreme circumstances) over seven years (and will still be my kayak camera).  So I rationalized that amortized over several years, let alone the rest of my life, the lenses are, over time, a great bargain.  And I am now so excited to explore the capabilities of the D750 and these excellent lenses. One of the great things about Nikon DSLRs is that the controls are familiar on each one so it was pretty easy to get going with the D750.  So if you are coming off a D90 or similar DX Nikon, rest assured the D750 is going to be both a piece of cake and a revelation.
R3KIW3M8DU8AN4	Let me start off by saying that I am not a pro photographer, meaning I haven't ventured into &#34;selling&#34; my work. I would consider myself an enthusiast instead; I understand the basics of photography and read about the technology that drives the equipment. I don't take a purely artistic/creative approach, instead I like to see my photography as somewhere between documentary/event and photo-journalistic.
These days, most of my photography takes place indoors, mostly in the evening hours, in poor lighting (probably the three least conducive variables to capturing light.) The lenses I've used to take such photographs consist of the Nikon 70-200 f2.8 VRII, Nikon FX 50 & 35 f1.8, and Sigma 18-35 f1.8. The photographs consist of portrait style, and group/candid shots. The other half of my photographs are of a similar style, but the subjects are hardly static (think action sports; actually I'll just tell you: indoor rock climbing.)
I was using a D7200 with the above lenses and was getting mostly great results; depending on how poor the lighting was, my biggest obstacles were accurately attaining and maintaining focus and keeping high ISO noise to a minimum while freezing the action. For example, the candid and portrait shots I could shoot between f1.8-f2.8, 1/60-1/125s and stay at around ISO800-1600. For the action shots, I would have to be shooting f2.8-f4 at 1/200-1/250s with VR-ON (slows down focus acquisition, especially during bursts) and anywhere from ISO1600-6400 (in 1/3 steps), though I think most of those shots fell at 3200 and higher. At this point the noise would start to creep in and while I could apply NR in post, I would lose lots of fine detail in cleaning up the image.
Since I do not get paid for my time, I shoot mostly in JPEG and strive to get correct exposure and WB in-camera. I do not have time to mess around in LR6 editing each RAW file (tangent: I started this hobby taking lots of pictures of my baby daughter and after 6 months or so, I have over 3,000 RAW files, mainly of my daughter, taking up over 92gb of hard drive space. Probably only 10% of those pictures would benefit from RAW post processing and in retrospect I would have saved a lot of time and space shooting in JPEG).
This is where the D750 eliminates most of my problems. I had read lots of reviews and when the latest, hyped cameras come out, sometimes the reviewers can make some pretty lofty statements (forgive them, if you were a camera geek you'd be pretty stoked too). I also looked at the &#34;scientific&#34; performance of the camera, and while I am NOT a pixel peeper, nor a Brick Wall Analyst, the results I obtained from using the D750 and high quality glass had me doing double-takes. What I mean is, this camera did AMAZING things when it came to my two primary concerns: focussing action in low-light and high ISO/low-light noise management.
I was zooming in to my photographs because I was so blown away by how well this camera performed compared to the D7200, and I just couldn't believe it. I have straight-out-of-camera shots (albeit, of my wife in our dim fluorescent lit living room) taken at ISO12,800 (Fine, JPG, High ISO NR-Normal, ADL-Auto) with my 50 f1.8 and they look FANTASTIC. Speaking from memory --so this could be a bit hyperbolic-- the shots taken on the D750 at ISO12,800 look just as good (if not better) as shots I've taken at ISO6400 on the D7200 (same settings and lens). From this, you can extrapolate that if you shoot mostly in outdoor/good light, or don't need high ISOs, your pictures will be EVEN BETTER.
I somewhat regret not buying the D750 before the D7200 because while the D7200 is a great camera, and does really well in High ISO situations, the online reviews were just not able to articulate the difference in High ISO performance between the two cameras (while at the same time praising how well the D7200 performs in low-light) when I was deciding which camera to purchase so now I have to sell it for a loss.
Other benefits I have noticed over the D7200 (or FX vs DX):
- the bokeh (subject isolation) is appreciably better on the D750.
- the ergonomics of the D750 are quite similar to the D7200, but a few rearranged/shifted buttons here, thicker grip there, all lead to a more comfortable experience. I use Back-button focussing for action, and although they shifted the AE/AF-L button a few mm to the left, I find this more comfortable than it's placement on the D7200. I am 5'4&#34; with rock climber hands (still size small in blue nitrile gloves, though) and I found the D750 grip to be much more comfortable than the D7200. Folks with larger hands will probably find the same to be true. The D7200 was comfortable only if I slapped on the extended grip, because I would finally have room for my right pinky finger. The weight isn't really an issue; I use a nice strap (OP/Tech or Joby, depending on the lens.)
- the tilting screen seems nice, though I have not found myself needing it so I taped the bottom of it to the camera body so that it would not accidentally open. To me, it's just another point of possible mechanical failure.
- video capabilites: haven't used them, and don't know much (nor care) about what it offers, but Nikon seems to be pushing this feature-set.
- quality of the rear LCD: same as the D7200, as far as I can tell. It's got 1200k dot resolution as compared to the 921k resolution of the D610 and lesser DX (and older FX) bodies. Bottom line - it's sharp and I like it.
To summarize:
If you shoot primarily indoors, or in low-light, or need to freeze action indoors and in low-light, and have good glass (f1.8-f4 max. aperture) GET this camera if you can afford it (the D610 I've read also performs similarly, however I like the ergonomic/button feature-set the D750 adopted from the D7100 and D800)
If you shoot outdoors, in good light, still, landscape or street photography, and don't make a living with it, you can save yourself a lot of money by not getting this camera, and instead getting the D7100, D7200, or an even less expensive DX body and using the savings on better glass (any of the Sigma Art primes, or the Sigma 18-35 which I am very upset that I will have to sell since it's a DX lens.)
R1RXJQ1CVTA6BE	Fantastic camera!
R3GG4XRPMO5AKM	Your best reviews come from Youtube, but I have found this camera to be near perfect.  Moved from a Canon 70D to this. Couldn't be happier.
R1D5ZMQ0TH7TO	vgood in low light !!!!!!just what i was looking for
RG3NVVPFSN6IZ	Super nice and does what you'll need. For pro or amateur.
RAWP447AHNFS1	Absolutely the best camera i have purchased. I hae
RJ7RZ99DEBXBN	The distortion on the lens is too much, but the camera has amazing low light capability even up to 12,800 ISO is very usable.
R32JOBG9V4P449	I think this camera is one of the best Nikon has put out in the last decade. I have owned their film cameras, early digital models, APS-C models including the excellent D7000 as well as the D600 and now the D750. To be fair, I also own the Sony a99 and a7ii so I can compare to those as well. For this review, I compare to the Sony A7ii because it uses the same sensor and it is comparable in price.
There is no point in re-hashing the basics of a full-frame camera, so I will get right to the point. This is what I love about this camera:
+ Focus speed is exceptionally good. With a good lens, focusing down to -2 or -3 EV is almost instantaneous. Compared to the Sony A7ii, it absolutely blows it away. The A7ii is a turtle and the D750 is a hare.
+ &#34;Auto&#34; focus is a newer feature to high end Nikons whereby it can detect faces and focus on them using the phase detection sensor. This is very unique because up until recently, you could only detect faces in the rear LCD live view and this was slow and cumbersome. The newer 91k pixel exposure sensor can now incorporate face detection through the viewfinder and this means extremely fast focus on faces. I tested it by lying on my back and just randomly snapping off pictures of my 1 year old who was climbing on my stomach. I did not move the focus point to where he happened to be like I normally would and I didn't really have more than 1/4 of a second to compose any of the shots. I just roughly pointed the camera at his face and started snapping off pictures. This was a situation I could *never ever* expect to get any shots from using the Sony A7ii or past Nikon models. The D750 shocked me at how well it captured my son's face and had his eyes in perfect focus about 80% of the time. It really is that good! I would upgrade to the D750 just for this feature alone. Because if it can get my son in focus under such horrible conditions, I can imagine it would get dancing wedding guests or a running baseball player focused very fast and with ease. I will need to experiment with it more, but I am very optimistic.
+ Continuous and 3D focusing work flawlessly as with past Nikon cameras, but the D750 steps it up a notch with its 91k pixel exposure sensor which analyzes and processes movement much more accurately and quickly than in older models.
+ 6.5fps is plenty fast for me!
+ A lot of buttons! Nikon really got this right. There are customizable buttons all over the place and settings are very easily changed with the command dials. The Sony has some customizable buttons, but there are fewer and the settings cannot be changed with the command dial like with the Nikon. Also, the Nikon has a separate LCD on the top that shows you what is going on. The Sony has no such additional screen, so you see changes to settings in the rear LCD or through the electronic viewfinder (EVF).
+ Excellent white balance settings - there is &#34;Auto1&#34; for a &#34;cooler look&#34; and &#34;Auto2&#34; for a &#34;warmer look&#34;.
+ The body is reasonably light compared to other models and it is even a little lighter than the D610. It is nowhere near as light as the Sony A7ii, however, but that is the Sony a7ii's main attraction.
+ Low light performance with this sensor is absolutely spectacular. Even though they have the same sensor, the D750 blows the Sony A7ii out of the water. Look at the dpreview site comparing the two in low light and after ISO 6400, the Nikon is very obviously better. I tested this in real life and I can say it looks like the Sony really screwed up low light performance on their camera. You can take ISO 6400 pictures with the D750 and they are very, very usable. A little bit of post-processing will make any of them almost perfect for most uses.
+ Uses the same battery as many other Nikon bodies including the D7000/7100/7200.
This is what could be better on the D750
- More cross-type focus points and spread over more of the field would have been nice. The D810 is better at this.
- HDR in-camera is only done using 2 pictures while most cameras use three or more. This means less dynamic range. The problem is easily solved by taking more bracketed shots (up to 9) and combining them in Photoshop or Photomatrix. But if you want to just get it done in the camera, your options are very limited.
- No in-body stabilization. Both the A99 and A7ii have this and I would think Nikon could start incorporation of stabilization in the body to allow better use of vintage and non-stabilized lenses.
- No ability to &#34;Autofocus Fine tune&#34; zoom lenses at multiple focal lengths. If you don't know what this means then don't worry about it. But suffice it to say that Canon has had this feature for years and Nikon really needs to catch up and incorporate this already.
- Focus accuracy can be imperfect as with all phase detection focusing systems. The Sony A99 overcame most of this with a &#34;hybrid&#34; system that uses phase detection for 95% of the initial fast focus and then about 5% of the last little bit with contrast detection on the chip. It does have other differences, but the point is that Nikon could get with the times and incorporate newer and more precise methods to focus fast but also increase accuracy without the need to fine-tune every lens. It is 2015 after all...Sony has been doing this with their DSLR for at least 5 years.
Overall, I can say this is getting close to the perfect DSLR. Of course there is always room for improvement, but Nikon really built a winner here. Besides the fact that it is obviously bigger and heavier than the Sony A7ii, there is really nothing the Sony does better than the Nikon. In fact, the Nikon does basically everything better. You can read my review of the Sony A7ii if you want more details about what I don't like about it.
So if you are looking for a very fast, extremely capable semi-professional DSLR, I cannot imagine you would find anything better. Other than the higher pixel count of the D810 (which I think 95% of people out there have no use for), it is much better than the D810 in almost every way too (especially with it's newer focusing technology). Bottom line, if you are in the market for a full frame DSLR, don't contemplate too much. Get the D750.
RBTTMAC939WIQ	I bought the camera just before I went on a trip to Ireland and the UK. It replaced a D7000 that I had for several years. I wanted to move up to a full frame DSLR as I continue to shoot as an amateur with some professional sales. I also have shot a lot of video over the years from digital SD to HDV and then with the D7000. I bought the camera for its complete reworking of video shooting.  The camera solves 5 problems associated with the D7000. You can change the aperture while shooting (a huge plus), you can adjust the volume and evaluate the audio levels while shooting (not possible with the 7000).  It has a swing out screen (great for shooting handheld at waist level) and finally you can adjust the ISO at low light levels while shooting. I had been waiting for Nikon to offer these video improvements for some time, and finally had the resources to buy the new body. It shoots beautiful video, everything I had hoped for. The controls and adjustments are very similar to the D7000, so I was able to customize the camera and take it on a trip with no problems right after I bought it. I had a DX 10-24 lens which I traded in on the FX 18-35 when I bought the camera, so  now shooting with all FX lenses. I also have sit about 1500 still photos with the camera of everything from landscapes to grandchildren and am very happy with the results. Couldn't be happier with the camera.
R2SITEO6U56LUA	Great ergonomics and even better pictures. Upgraded from a D3 and it is a step change improvement.
Tried the D810 but didn't like the feel. Cost wasn't an issue just the balance of the camera in my hand. The D750 in comparison was so easy to hold and use.
Love it.
R243S453MKS4SL	After weeks of homework and analysis I decided to upgrade to a D750.  This is the best photography decision I've ever made.  If you're considering moving from DX to FX format, you really should consider the D750.  Great value, excellent photos.
RJPYYK0JKTQ7S	I love my D750 but it seems my photos look incredible when viewed on the camera but not so much when I upload them to my PC.
R10IQ2QFIBR065	Love this camera!
R12E5X59JUT32Z	Works very well, very happy with images that I am getting, Had one issue, after I upgraded firmware the next session I had the camera was slowed down on me would not take shots, like the buffer was full, I put the camera down for a few and noticed the green light in the back was still on even though it had been a while since i was dont taking photos anyway, I picked it back up a few min later and it has been a champ since, have had no issues.
This was the first time I was using external recorder and it took me a while to realize all I had to do was record the live view, wish I could turn the screen on the camera off since I have a screen on the Ninja, Ninja HD/SSD release button sucks, went from needing 2 people to remove the ssd to  not even having to push the release button to take out the ssd in less than a week (about 10 removals)
R2OGHPB4XELO0W	I did my first wedding and I had no problem.  Coming from a D5200 to this camera is a big step for me and I see a big difference.  I really love this camera. Fast shipping!!
R3OT8EHO7QIBUI	It never focused!! Sad I had to send back :((
R2QHBZRX9O3DB2	Arrived well packed and required a signature for delivery.  Good security requirement from Amazon. My first impressions is that this is a very good camera which is an upgrade from a D7100. Good image quality taking pics both in day and low light conditions. No problems with auto focus issues when paired with either a Nikon 85, 23 - 300  & 24 - 70 mm lenses. My primary use of this camera is for portrait and landscape so the 4000 of a second limitation is not an issue for me. One small beef. At a cost of around 2 K Nikon could include a cover for the hot shoe.  At this point I have more to learn about the functionality of my first full frame camera. If you have the cash for this very good camera purchase it. I expect to keep it for at least five years.
R16F0HKRF3UJLX	It's almost everything you would expect from Nikon at this price point.  Great photos, with all the advantages everyone else has mentioned.  I'm a bit disappointed, though, that a $2,000 Nikon body feels so plasticky.  I wish it felt more like my old D300.  My biggest concern so far is that I get very occasional memory card write errors.  I'll snap the shutter and the file won't write, and I'll get an error message on the back of the camera telling me that the card is bad and I'll have to use another.  I just power cycle the camera and everything's ok again.  They're genuine SanDisk cards, so I have every reason to believe this is a glitch in the camera.  Hopefully this problem will be fixed in a software update.
R1ZATJHWOZ21S5	Excellent camera, meeting expectations
R7PGZE3AO045C	Working great
R1B4AF57LM9CUQ	Roughly 5 years ago I got out of the photography hobby when all of my gear was stolen / scammed from me on a fraudulent eBay transaction, at which point I didn't have the funds to re-enter the hobby, which as you know is quite expensive.
With the birth of our first child coming in the next 2 months I knew it was time to take the plunge and get a camera to document all of our new families important milestones.  I had been eyeballing the Nikon D750 kit and the Canon 6D kit.  Formerly I was a Canon shooter and pretty heavy advocate but after looking at many many reviews it just seemed that the D750 offered a lot more bang for the buck.  One day while clicking through Amazon and checking pricing I had noticed that Amazon had incorrectly listed the D750 kit at the body only price, showing 2 remaining in inventory.  This prompted an immediate purchase on my part, and a few days later I was the proud new owner of a D750, saving $700.  I was afraid I might receive just a body or possibly a gray market camera but none of that was true, I received exactly what I was hoping for.  A real Nikon USA product with 0 shutter actuations.  Thank you Amazon!
I've now had the pleasure to use this setup for a week or so and I am just amazed at this camera's capabilities, there's really nothing it can't do.  Sensor technology has come a long ways from the gear I was using 5 years ago (Canon 7D).  Being able to shoot at ISO 1600 and above with limited noise is just incredible and really expands the lighting conditions in which you can shoot without a flash and still achieve stunning results.
There was a slight learning curve coming from Canon, as far as button placement and menu navigation goes but only took a few days of fiddling to feel comfortable with it out in the field.
I hightly recommend this camera to anyone struggling with the decision.  I do believe it is the better option over the Canon 6D.  If you make this purchase I can promise that you will not be disappointed in any way!
