R5SVJK2YBRKIY->This is by FAR the WORST laptop I've ever owned. . . and I've owned HP!! From the very first day it froze up, failed to install updates, crashed, It's a total POS. I bought a Dell about 5-6 yrs ago and it was great. This one SUCKS. Do NOT buy it. Bad out of the box. Dell &#34;quality&#34; is in a state of crisis. Go with Toshiba or ANYTHING other than Dell.
R2SU2BHSQQ04Y3->I bought one expecting that it has a high-quality performance and not just good physical attributes. I like its portability since I could easily carry it around wherever I want to work and it looks really neat. At first, everything's going smoothly. However, on my laptop's second month I noticed that at times it freezes and it takes 15 to 30 minutes before it goes back to normal. If given the chance, I'd switch this to other model.
R1WQ6CHGPHXIYV->May be i can try somethng better rhan that...
R326OJJ58SAQGX->Very satisfied
R3OSJP4ORCDP76->Very solid and well running laptop.
R25RF1NRF7J105->I did not know the memory is this much low my cell phone is even have more space than it. But everything else is great. Fast, clear
R1OZJVDD17VZS5->Fantastic!
R3UZ0C1CNBOR5G->2 of the keys on the number pad did not work when I received it.
RA5ZEG4P44NPI->would give it five stars but the keyboard is not back lit, $65.00 later and it will be... upgraded to 16 gig of RAM and this thing absolutely flies!!!!
great computer after upgrades
R27MI92ZGCE5RO->It didn't work properly
RS75X882YYYAB->great value for the money.
R2XTOIQ4E0MWZ4->I am glad with my computer
RODVFZHMXLPVH->Very good one.
R1O4I5NAAO3QVZ->I like the computer itself - it's fast.  What I don't like is the upgrade to Windows 10 going from Windows 7.  I cannot connect my other two laptops running Windows 7 to this new laptop running Windows 10 and its extremely frustrating.  But that's a Windows 10 issue.
R26AX6WT1VTPX1->great product
RUYSN3VXWGEAG->SCREAMING FAST LAPTOP that works faster than I can type
R2Y85N7YJ8ZFCI->Good
R3JOUGTW06CHU->I didn't like much this laptop, despite it has a good configuration (intel core i7 with 6gb RAM).
It's not up to a Dell computer in terms of design. It's not beautiful.
It's is extremally simple, it has not even a led on the panel. So that you don't know if it's on and if the HD is running.
It has only a led on it's foot wich doesn't stays always on.
It's NOT touch screen.
It should be much better, since it's a 5th generation Dell computer.
I had a Dell Vostro 3200 and it was much more beautiful than this Dell Inspiron 15.
RE4KGVRPEIOZ2->If you ever need customer support, you won't get it.  If you buy this laptop, hope nothing ever goes wrong.  Or have hours available to wait on hold.  If you try to use the chat service more than 6 months after your purchase, you will be out of luck.  Just be prepared for &#34;We are experiencing higher than expected call volumes.&#34;
R23X9UNVZD7YUW->Great lapto
R19E4ZVUB1UUDE->The laptop has evident issues as it 1) turns off immediately upon being moved slightly (moving the screen a few degrees, shifting the laptop in your lap) 2) oftentimes refuses to turn on and, when it does, turns off immediately afterwards.
Do not buy this laptop.
R37ZPWU3THS57P->dont go for dell.It is worst. Its technical support is hell.you will experience hell talking to them and to get your laptop service
R1W1Y4DOT00DO0->I wish I would have checked with Amazon before I purchased this make/model computer.  Instead I bought it at a big box store...big mistake.  If I had checked it out on the Amazon site I could have found out more information that I got from my big box store salesman.  First,on this model there is no backlight on the keyboard (my salesman said it had it...always check before you take a salesman's word as accurate.) Really, now days, almost all laptops have a lit keyboard.  I had a HP Pavilion 6 that got severely damaged and that is why I had to buy a new computer.  The HP had a brushed silver look...the Dell is solid black.  The Dell's touchpad is VERY flimsy.  I don't think it can possibly last very long.  It has a mushy feel and slow response when you tap it to scroll vertically and frequently freezes up if you try to scroll too fast. Also, it tends to stick to your finger when scrolling.  I had to put baby powder on my finger to prevent this and I don't know how well that will work in the long run.  In fact, I have purchased a wireless mouse to use for all scrolling.  I bought this Dell because it is one of the few remaining computers in this price range that has a DVD drive.  Most companies no longer include this type of drive as they are trying to lighten the weight and make the profile slimmer.
Compared to the HP Pavilion that I had, this replacement Dell computer is a big disappointment especially for the price.
R33P1VM5AV1Y6E->a really nice laptop, works great and I love it! Opens webpages and applications lightning fast.The display is wonderful and the touchscreen is very sensitive. Save me a lot of time when i am having heavy workloads. Nice sellerfast processing and shipping.
R3DLWB8CZUA169->I bought this computer for personal use and school. I needed a computer with the right combination of specs so it would work efficiently and not slow up. I needed multiple windows open at once, and this computer worked with out missing a beat.
For the price and specs, this computer is awesome. Dell did a great job with the combination of specs for it to run efficiently. I have had computers in the past that had fast processors and the combination of internal parts did not match so the computer was slow.
This computer is an &#34;awesome buy&#34;.
I would recommend this to a friend!
R2EBNT3P88SJII->Super fast and smooth with a i7 processor. My favorite part is that the screen color is very bright and true to nature. Lightweight compared to other high end dell laptops. Good deal for the price.
R1JGNH0YO3MV9Z->I was looking for a fast and high conf computer. I got this within my budget. This really fulfill my needs. Everything is perfect except you can't see any indicator which will say you if your computer is still running or it is shut down. Sound quality is really better than my previous laptop. I was running 4-5 tasks at a time. Still no performance drop. I love black color and it looks gorgeous in black. Typing is really cool. It's processor is 2.4 GHz with a turbo booster upto 3 GHz. Already got my Windows 10.  Overall, this laptop deserves a 5!
R2CXNV8ZZ6WZ0E->really great laptop!
R32QVRN5MI23EH->Nice laptop. I got this laptop a week ago and love it! It works great for my use as a student. The windows 8.1 has taken a bit of getting used to but it doesn't bother me. The display is awesome and the touchscreen works great too! The processor is very fast, and the laptop makes virtually no noise at all--it doesn't even get hot!  If you are fond of gaming and Graphic intense work.Then leave this laptop as it has Intel HD 4400 Onboard Graphics and they arent that good when it comes to gaming,for any other kind of work this laptop is a piece of cake.
R1S8BEA1AA8WMM->high quality computer, love it so much. great seller, ships very fast!!!
