R280O9Q8RXXCE3->I discovered that Windows RT is very limited and I doesn't suggest to buy RT version
R34Q9KOR2QKEXM->I have been using my Surface 2 for 8 to 10 hours per day for about five weeks straight now. I like it very much.The keyboard/cover is important for usability. It's an extra purchase, but it really enables good content creation. I use all four of the Office products (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint). I haven't tried anything really fancy like macros, but for basic tasks the Office suite is very usable.The USB drive is actually the reason I got the Surface instead of an iPad. The USB drive is really useful for convenient file sharing.I also use OneNote to sync automatically with other devices. OneNote is pre-installed.Since the Surface 2 runs RT, I can't download many regular Windows applications. For screenshots, I use the charm Send To function (I send to OneNote, then copy from OneNote and paste into Windows) or the charm Email facility (I email myself screenshots). Both techniques are functional but seem a little clumsy compared to a true Windows application such as Godwin.I can't run a full fledged computer programming interactive development environment (that is too advanced for RT), but I can use Remote Desktop Connection to connect to a Windows server on a cloud provider like Amazon Web Service. I installed Metro PuTTY from the Store and that allows me to connect to a hosted Linux server in the cloud.By the way, the Surface 2 only runs its own Internet Explorer browser - no Chrome or Firefox allowed. This restriction does cause an issue occasionally because some sites don't run correctly on the IE browser. As an easy workaround, I sign into my above mentioned Windows server and use Chrome there.My favorite features are its weight and its coolness. I have read it weighs in at two pounds. I guess that's right - I can't tell exactly. But it feels light. I can keep it on my lap for hours and not feel weighed down. It feels light in my briefcase.  As far as temperature, it never heats up, or if it does I've never noticed it.I've experienced two glitches. First, it is possible to think that your keyboard is attached, when in fact it is magnetized but not actually attached. I spent a while trying to discern the pattern of why sometime the keyboard worked and sometime the keyboard failed. It was completely a matter of making sure the contacts are actually connected between the keyboard and the Surface.The other glitch is related to the Sleep function. When I actively sleep the machine and then wake it later, it is sometimes mostly unresponsive. I have learned to keep it on all day and then actively do a Shut Down. Sometimes if I walk away from the machine and then it times out and sleeps, when I return I have to power it off and then power it back on to ensure it's fully responsive. This is annoying, but all the conveniences of the device far outweigh this issue.As this review indicates, I literally tell my family occasionally, &#34;I love my Surface.&#34; Everybody loves hearing about an unexpected, good surprise. My family members just smile, and they say they don't get tired of hearing me say it.
R1YE5MXP0WIWI4->The product arrived and the battery doesn't work. What the hell, brand new and it refuses to charge. Turns out its a common problem. Trying to fix it or I'll return it
R1WRLRE2NUGG0H->Love it
R39NH3FT827210->Purchased this machine trying to save a bit of money thinking...it should be just as good as the surface 3----WRONG!!!  My husband has the 3.  This one arrived (literally 3 hours ago).  The first problem I experienced was that after selecting &#34;make this a new PC&#34; it automatically linked with my desk top and configured it as such.***Note***I did not want it configured to my desktop!!!! It also gave an option to configure to the desktop which I did NOT select.  The second thing I noticed was that after about 20 minutes the battery wouldn't charge.  At first, I thought maybe it was dead and needed some time but it never charged.  I tried looking through the settings thinking maybe I needed to turn it on or something....WRONG AGAIN!!!!  It turns out that many of the Surface 2's have an issue with the drivers that operate the battery....I was not about to go through an hour of BS to try and get this thing to function the way should after freshly opening this new device.  Needless to say, I was pissed.  I don't understand why Microsoft continues to sell these (surface 2) if they are experiencing these types of problems----fresh out the box!!!!!!!  I'm thinking of ordering the surface 3....but I think I'll wait to make sure my husband doesn't experience any glitches with it first.....BEWARE OF THE SURFACE 2
R1FGGNFFH7GA9H->I am horribly disappointed by this product. The screen has a major defect.
RIYDAIZ9R9B9N->SCAM!! People are selling used Surface 2's as &#34;NEW&#34;. After some internet research, seems to be a trend. This tablet is worn worse than the last one I ordered a month prior. Very disappointing!! All corners and edges show heavy use. Keyboard and charger connection points worn and marked up, small scratches on screen and no documentation just to list a few things. Terrible product.
R1152GYCQIH8RH->Wish I had gotten the 64 GB because it knocks me out of games.
RKWJHKISQDUY3->excellent product. Great value.
R39B4QZLN8BRAR->It's disappointing how limited this version of the Surface is. My daughter cannot use many online textbooks or watch videos for school because the Microsoft 8 RT OS doesn't allow installation of the necessary plugins or software.
R498398984->Slow ,, bulky,, just not right for me,, went to an Ipad Mini from Amazon,, now very happy
R43U89UF3894->I'm not happy with this item. It has so many laminations. Their's a lot of apps you can't download.
R430980943->I've had it for 4 months and it has been great. No problems or issues with it! I really love it even though it's smaller than the newer surface tablets. I prefer this one because it's smaller for school desks and I'm in college so the size makes a huge difference.
R4KFJV5454->Surface itself was great. However, it was defected(it was not get charged at all after 12 hours of charging). Returned it.
RE4324R2344->Completely fails as a tablet in my opinion. App store is terrible, crashes constantly, autocorrect is insanely annoying on this device which makes writing papers or using word documents tiresome and inconvenient. I have had the Surface 2 since August of 2014 and the device is about to give out. In my high school we were required to use the IPad 2, and it blows the Surface 2 out of the water even being an outdated product. This was the first tablet I ever bought for personal use, I took extraordinarily good care of it, and I can assure you I will never purchase anything from Microsoft again, the extra hundred dollars for an iPad or another brand that I haven't tried yet is well worth it.
R930NVKFOIR->I do not like the Surface 2. It is slow and at times does not respond to any touch so I have to turn it off and turn it on again to open a program. When it wears out I will probably go back to an Android product.
R409VNFJKIOR->the touch dosent work anymore
R09302IE323->I absolutely love my Surface 2! I have a MacBook Pro but wanted something smaller that would fit in my purse. Now I find myself using this one more than my MacBook just because I always have it with me and it's a great device!
RNJKRRKE434->I've had the Surface 2 for almost 2 years and have been extremely pleased with it. I'm not sure why some folks say the RT is limiting. I can do every function on it that I can do on my laptop in my office. I find it to be very easy to use with little direction, and this was my first experience with the new version of Windows. When my company tried to buy me an iPad, I declined because the only way I could use Office was if I was connected to the internet...which wasn't very convenient. The Surface gives me the ability to still use Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc. without an internet connection, which doesn't hinder my productivity like the iPad did. Not to mention, I really like the ability to plug in a flash drive when needed. For the folks missing the HDMI connection, get the converter attachment, which is what I did. I was looking for a tablet that enhanced my productivity, not may usage of "apps".My only negative comment would be that I wish I could run iTunes on it, but that was fixed with the Surface 3.
RNCKDSN202->This isn't a bad computer. It definitely gets the job done for simple task like school work. I love that it came with microsoft office preloaded and i didn't have to spend the extra money to get that. Something I don't like about it is that it's the RT version. Now, when I bought the computer I had no idea what RT meant nor did I bother to look it up. I found out later that because of this you could only download apps from the app store instead of being able to download from the internet. So I couldn't get itunes on my computer because it was in the app store which was a bummer. Also, just and FYI, the Microsoft app store seems very limited. It's nothing like the Google play store or the iTunes app store. Many programs like pinterest and other majorly popular apps weren't available. Overall, it served it's purpose, I was just disappointed that I didn't get all the perks. I would recommend getting the pro version if you have the money.
RJKCSDN333->Please, for folks who have been through some terrible time with theft, DON NOT INVEST IN THIS! Spend more and get windows WITHOUT RT. Windows RT has no theft protection. Its music safer to spend a little extra and get something that allows you to track your device. It pretty pathetic to spend $300 and have no location or theft protection software. Even the store has terrible security. i love windows, but WINDOWS RT is no the way to go. Please if you want to have good protection stay away from this product. Microsoft deserves a big L for this lousy device.
RONFIFI12->I'm giving this two stars because it's a decent e-reader and netflix/hulu playing device. Beyond that though, there isn't much here. The OS, window RT, is INCREDIBLY limiting. You can only use the apps available in the Windows Store that were designed specifically for this OS. That means no legacy software. You are locked into internet explorer because the product sold so poorly that developers didn't bother porting over other browsers. The kicker is, you can't even install add-ons for IE. You can certainly visit the add-ons section and download them but they won't actually install.Another problem is that if you go back a webpage, the previous page hasn't been cached. You end up staring at an image of the page while waiting for it to reload.I also have an issue with the device thinking I want to scroll left and right when I want to scroll up or down, I guess you need to be very precise with your direction, not diagonal in any way.Overall it's a frustrating experience that I can't recommend to anyone.I should have stuck with Android or purchased an actual windows 8 device instead.
RJVNDSKJNF->Up to last week, I would have given the Surface 2 a FIVE star rating! I have loved this device for the past year and five months. My wife used it mostly and she loved it. It was a very good device. However, just last week, the touch screen just stopped working. The device wasn't dropped or stepped on or damaged in any way. It was working in the morning, and when my wife brought it home from work, it was totally unresponsive to the touch. It was always kept in the sleeve that was bought with it, when not in use. Luckily, we can still use the device with the keyboard accessory, but it has lost most of its appeal with the loss of touch sensation. Researching online, I am not the only one who has experienced this, and the warranty for the device only lasts 1 year. I feel short changed.
RJNVIR232->Took a little bit longer than expected to receive. Also I was expecting a new out of the box surface but instead I received no paperwork whatsoever for the product, it didn't have the protective film on the screen(has a good inch long scratch, luckily its not on the screen), and there is a pretty bad dent on one of the corners. I haven't had any problem with the battery and overall I'm happy with the product itself. However, O do wish I just spent a little more money on the new Surface 3.
RKLDSLNLS23->Love the touch screen and all of the apps except that Windows Internet Explorer fails on email data entry - my wife is an experienced typist and is unable to type more than a few characters before the entry field locks up. She took it to a Microsoft Store and they were not able to fix it - they said that since it was an early model of the Surface it had known performance problems that couldn't be fixed.
RJKDSNKJN->Great little tablet.
RNVKJSN231->I was looking for a tablet when I could do college work and read. My friend recommended this tablet because its performance and utilities. I found it useful but it has some cons that I did not expected. It is described with a 32gb hard drive capacity but it came with 24.6 GB capacity, in which 12.6 GB (of these 24.6 GB) are used for the system configuration. It worries me because I had to install over 100 updates that the system requires. I installed a 64 GB micro-sd card to keep my books and documents to avoid saving my college stuff. Now as image quality and performance, I have no issues. Office comes free (full activated, also) and already installed. I haven't tested the camera nor the microphone, so once I do, I will edit this review. In overall is a good tablet for students and occasional use
RJKNSDK3312->Second surface pro that stops working after a few months.Replace first one after 2 weeks and now the replacement it is also not working Surface wont start.
RKSO232KJ->I purchased the Microsoft Surface 2 with the intent of taking away the need to carry a laptop away from home. There was not a lot of research done before making the purchase, but it has been one of the best purchases I have made to date.The Surface was overall a great investment. It’s lightweight, compact in size, and relatively durable. Those three things alone make it perfect to carry around all day in your backpack or purse. While being compact, it is large enough that it’s not difficult to read text on the screen. If you feel you need added external protection, you can purchase a padded protective case. I have not purchased a case, and my tablet has not had any issues.The Surface has nearly all of the same inputs/outputs as your typical laptop, those being an SD card slot, a USB slot and an HDMI output. It also has internal speakers and both rear and front facing cameras. The internet capabilities are comparable to a laptop, and I have personally had no issue with the internet.On top of those features, the Surface came with the full Windows Office package, which includes Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, and OneNote. While this tablet doesn’t come with an external keyboard, the on-screen keyboard does just fine for small projects. If you do plan to type on this tablet a lot, an external keyboard can be purchased as well.The OneDrive feature can also be used on this tablet, which connects you to all of your other files saved to the drive from any Windows source. This is very helpful when using multiple Windows products and needing to have access to files on all of them.This tablet is perfect for someone looking to downsize from lugging around a laptop all the time. It would be very handy for a student or a person in business-type of work. In these types of situations, this tablet would be perfect for giving presentations and taking notes. The basic features of a laptop are there, but without the weight and size of a standard laptop.
RNVKSN23123->I bought the Microsoft Surface 2 (32 GB) in August 2015. Before buying this tablet I did some research on it and talked to a friend who owns this tablet. From what I found out, I decided it would be a tablet worth buying. Overall I am very satisfied with this product and would give it a four star rating. I would definitely recommend it to others, especially college students because it is great for note-taking and simple computer uses. Through using this tablet for a couple months I have found many aspects that I like and a few that I am unhappy with.Features I like:1. The tablet has a wide screen and is light weight. It also includes a kickstand that makes it easier for viewing and includes both portrait and landscape views.2. Microsoft Office bundle (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access, and OneNote) is already installed on the tablet, so there was no need to purchase this separately.3. It was fairly priced and was also delivered on time.4. A USB port can be found on the tablet, which is one feature not included on the iPad. This is great to plug a mouse or keyboard into.5. The battery life is long lasting.6. There is a handwriting recognition feature that allows you to use a finger or a stylus. It can read both block and cursive writing.While I found this table to be mostly what I was looking for, I discovered some aspects that I do not like or that I think could be improved.Things I do not like:1. This tablet is Windows RT, which is fairly limited. It restricts you from downloading certain apps like Google Chrome or Spotify.2. Keyboard and other accessories are not included with the tablet.3. The storage is limited but, additional storage is available for purchase.One suggestion I have would be to purchase a keyboard along with the tablet. A keyboard makes the tablet more usable and more like a computer. I purchased the Microsoft Surface type cover 2, which was decently priced and works very well. Overall this tablet was worth the purchase and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a tablet.
RNDJK32290->I ordered a NEW surface 2 from this Angel seller and not only was it late, but the tablet came to me broken! I charged the tablet for a couple hours as soon as I took it out of the box, when I turned it on a blue screen came on saying that my pc needed to be repaired. Now that doesn't make sense considering it is a "NEW" tablet! Now it's turning on and off with that same blue screen.... Total bs.
RNKJDSN213->I was looking for a reliable, easy to use tablet and boy did I find the perfect one with microsoft surface. It has kept my grandchildren entertained with videos watched on netflix and gotten my hubby with his lack of solid computer skills on the internet doing searches like a boss. Windows 8 works great on a tablet (something that windows 8 doesn't have going for it on a desktop).
RCDSKJNC989->I strongly recommend you DO NOT buy this product, or any other model of Microsoft Surface! As someone who has always used windows (Vista to 8.1), and has had several laptops that run windows, I had high expectations from this device, however it has become very apparent to me that Microsoft is currently incapable of producing a working mobile platform.Problems:- Unlike a PC, this device is incapable of opening and/or running programs and .exe files downloaded from the internet. The ONLY programs that will work on this device are ones downloaded from the Windows store, which has a laughably small selection compared to the Google Play store, the Apple app store, and even the Amazon app store. There are almost no apps, utility programs, or games available for this platform, and the vast majority of what is available is neither well-known or of good quality.- Because the only programs available for use are ones downloaded from the severely understocked Windows store, the ONLY browser you can use is Internet Explorer, which is rather slow and clunky, and is a privacy nightmare.- The device is generally lacking in user-customization and preference settings.- The device crashes REGULARLY, especially when streaming video or watching videos online, and often takes close to an hour to restart.- Internet connectivity is unreliable, and wi-fi networks are slow to detect and connect to.- Downloads are slow, and do not always complete. (Even with the wi-fi I pay for with a constant 1GBPS bit-rate)- The touchscreen is laggy, and sometimes freezes for minutes at a time when typing on the touch-keyboard and does not work well with a stylus.- The magnetic connections for the charging cable and folding keyboard are cool in theory, but are extremely prone to connection issues, causing the charging cable to connect (and even the indicator light to come on, sometimes), but not charge the device. Often when the keyboard is attached, neither the keys nor mouse actually input, and the device does not auto-sleep when the cover is closed.- The speed and effectiveness of charging quickly and noticeably decreases over time.- The device’s battery is drained very quickly from a full charge, even with moderate use- The trackpad on the keyboard cover is hard to even locate, much less use. It is not nearly sensitive enough, and doesn’t usually function properly when the right or left “buttons” are pressed, or the pad is double-tapped.- Even the physical buttons (power/lock, volume, and home) do not always function, and require more force to actuate than they should.- The connection of the headphone (3.5mm) jack is faulty and delicate with all headphones and earbuds I’ve tried, and has little to no physical retention of the male jack.- The design is flimsy. Even with careful use and handling, the silver/gray coating chips, scratches, and even peels very easily, and the un-reinforced corners dent and chip. The screen also is very delicate, and seems to be far more prone to scratching, cracking, and smudging than other touchscreen devices, (such as my Samsung Galaxy Note 4, which has been used and abused for almost a year, and is literally in the same condition as it was, fresh out of the box), and is rather difficult to clean with a lint-free cloth.Benefits:- It has a USB slot, which is uncommon in tablets.- The kickstand is a nice feature- The only truly useful, well made programs on the platform are Microsoft Office programs. Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, and Onenote are fully functional in their mobile format.In my opinion, this device is only functional for using Microsoft Office programs, and very light web browsing (which does not include playing videos, viewing high quality pictures or .gifs, or downloading files of any kind). I personally think you would be better off with ANY OTHER TABLET, LAPTOP, OR LARGE SMARTPHONE!
RKJNDSK223->So far so good except for the operating system windows 8 sucks but as a secondary system it's a good backup
RNJKW3324K->Garbage. Works fine but cannot use any other devices, not comparable with anything including Google chrome. Spend more time trying to make it work than its worth. Complete waste of money and time.
R89389RE90->I bought this for my great-grand-daughter' s 22nd birthday present. She said that's what she wanted, even though it was "last year's model", maybe because she knew I wouldn't spend the big bucks for the current Surface3.She loves her Surface2! It does exactly what she wants her tablet to do. She says she doesn't need the enhancements included with the Surface3.
RCNSJN30DE0->This is a good tablet, with some pretty significant trade-offs. The Surface is meant to be paired with either the Type or Touch Cover; it is not meant to be used on its own because it is clunky and awkward to hold. It is also much heavier than even the 1st generation iPad. The on-screen touch keyboard is terrible. There's no predictive type option for faster typing. The keyboard doesn't come up automatically when I need to enter text and it takes up so much screen space that I always end up closing it right after I'm done. But then I have to open it again each time I need to type something. Needless to say, this is a hassle.This is why I recommend getting either the Type Cover or the Touch Cover for this tablet. I like the Type Cover because it has actual physical buttons and it feels like typing on a real, if cramped, keyboard. The 2nd gen cover is better due to the backlight alone. I dislike the material that the cover is made from. For the price they charge, I expected a more pr... Read more
R48991CDFC->First of all, I must say that I did not buy this brand new. I bought this Microsoft Surface 2 few months ago, and what I did wrong was not to check the photo taking capabilities of this gadget. So few days ago, I wanted to take some pictures and sure enough, it would take them but for some reason they would not show up as there was some kind of a glitch. Also, I did not notice any link to forward them to Facebook. Yes, very complicated affair.......Then it kept shutting down by its own will. When it worked it was my answer to a complete computer like tablet, but when I found out that the picture system was not good and complicated, I decided not to give it a full 5 stars. Friends, if you need it all, buy a Chromebook laptop, surf the web at your heart content and will not get any virus and thus save a bundle in anti virus systems or take it to repairs to remove them. The Chromebook is fast, reliable and maybe not as expensive as this tablet. If you need something just on the go, to read books or magazines, surf the web, take pictures and post them on FB...go with a nice quad-core Android Tablet and you will not be disappointed. I believe somewhat cheaper than the Microsoft Tablet. I am now using an ASUS Tablet, not complains, just not as fast as it would be if it was a quad-core and btw...do not waste your time or money on the 7"tablets...a real strain on your eyes....spend a little more and get at least a full 10" tablet and your eyes will thank you. Basically, the Microsoft Tablet works fast like a computer, but too many glitches for my liking.
RJK33234111->Battery dies, even after fully charge through the night
RCDSML1222->you cant jailbreak it unless you got Surface RT 8.0 Recovery Image
RJDJDJI3P22->After a lot of consideration of whether to get my husband an iPad, the surface pro or this model of the surface I decided on this and I can't be more happy. My husband was so happy with it and uses it for his business. He sells new houses or sells the process of building a new house so he has a lot of paperwork that he needs to carry with him. This allows him to have the 4 huge binders of papers etc in his tablet and it's easier to update since houses are sold everyday and new things come up all the time. It's a great product and thanks to amazon I got a great price on it also.
RJIUEIWCL->I only wish they Upgraded this to Windows 10 :'( It could use more ram, and it could use better functionality between the touch screen and a stylus.
R937489IDUJI->Be aware that this is RT not a full windows install. It cannot install software like Google chrome, iTunes, vlc player, etc. It only allows you to download apps which are available in the windows store. This still has a full desktop which you can use to open edit and save word documents, use internet explorer normally, etc. It comes with Microsoft office (word, excel, note). My favorite feature is the mail app--all my email accounts in one place like on my iPhone. This is a great tablet for the price and the apps in the store include the usual suspects (Netflix, dropbox, Hulu, etc.) Get the keyboard as well it is superb!
R9830D0C9IC->I never thought I'd have to write this kind of review but here it goes.I honestly DO NOT understand why this thing has so many great reviews. I bought it last year at a best buy in my area, and its sole purpose was for taking notes, writing papers, research and printing. That's it. That's all I wanted it for. But it literally can't even handle that.At first I really thought this tablet had a lot of appeal. Being fully loaded with all the Microsoft programs I need as a college student, I thought it was an ingenious idea every college student should have in their bags. I was fully on board the windows/microsoft bandwagon and my family and I were so excited, we bought 2... one for my stepsister and I.Initially out of the box and through a couple documents, it wasn't so bad. Sure the formatting was weird to me (I have an iphone so other tablet formats are foreign to me) and I found it actually really hard to navigate. Everything seemed to get lost, or deleted, and I had no idea how it was happening or what I was personally doing wrong. It improved after a few uses and I thought it was pretty helpful in classes. BUT THE ONE MAJOR FLAW IS THE PRINTING PROCESS. I have older printers in my home that seem COMPLETELY INCOMPATIBLE with the RT system. That was one thing that really made me mad because even tho I had all my documents right there, I could not for the life of me get them to print.Winter break rolled around and I stopped using the tablet and letting it frustrate me. But the following semester, I only encountered more problems. Oh great.To start, it would open and close things randomly, would not properly save documents, and seemed to have a trillion updates everytime I turned the thing on. Notes could never be done in class and it even started deleting things that I had typed, and closing unsaved documents to never be recovered. I stopped using the writing feature at this point, and went back to my grandpa of a computer whose snail-like speed was less frustrating than the tablets inability to function. Lately, I've been trying to get things done for school, and now its decided that all internet webpages have expired or have expired licensing or expired security or WHATEVER, and even tho it offers to allow you to bypass the notification, it leads you no where.I am so fudging tired of this tablet giving me nothing but problems. It's literally the biggest waste of time, energy, and money I have ever spent. Wish I could get my college funds back because THIS IS JUNK. DO NOT BUY.
R098002DEF->his item is absolutely outstanding. Shipped quickly and has exceeded every expectation. Great tablet PC hybrid. would recommend this to anyone who has tired of other tablets' inability to generate documents and other work.
R0932D9ECI->Yes, Windows RT is very limiting. Battery life is very good, and the limited number of applications that support RT are pretty snappy (IE on RT is very good). To get full Windows capability you have to pay 2-5x as much.Since I mostly use my S2RT almost exclusively at home, I've found a way to make it very useful & powerful. I run Splashtop streamer on my main desktop PC (i5 with plenty of RAM and SSD). The Splashtop Client is available for RT and works very well. Effectively, this combination lets me take my desktop PC anywhere (it can be used from anywhere on the internet ) - full i5 CPU for processing and access to all my programs and data. In this case Splashtop is pretty responsive, including video, so there is little lag. (Splashtop is optimized for Nvidia, which is what is used in the Surface and on my desktop). There are other remote access apps too (Team Viewer is one that has an RT client) that can do the same thing.
RVNJFDVI0SD->The hardware itself works. The problem is the OS. It's windows RT meaning that while you save battery you lose major abilities. Specifically you can only download apps from the Windows Store, a barren wasteland. You can only use internet explorer as nothing else is compatible with the tablet and you can't run any browser extensions of any sort. So this thing is basically a hamstringed netbook that looks prettier. 1.5/5
R090CJDIJICS->The RAM doesn't match!!! Scam. Look at back of Surface RAM and go to settings and PC info. The RAM WONT MATCH,
RJIDSISSDOI->Great, love it.
RINFVINIVFD->I found one of these used and in pretty much pristine condition, so I bit.It does work very well and would work far better if not for the "lock down" hardware architecture. However, that is part of the package and after doing more research, I completely understand why it is done the way it is.The upside to this is that it *should* be immune to viruses, malware and Trojans. It's not immune to adware, since many of the apps in the Microsoft app store are riddled with adverts.It's very fast, user friendly and hardware feature rich.Once I reset it and let it reinstall Windows, it connected to my wifi, accepted my MS account and smooth sailing from there on.Battery life is very good, so far.For basic tasks, I have found the necessities in the MS app store. Only one threw adverts at me, and it was promptly yanked.
ROIJOVSJOD->DO NOT BUY THIS THING I really disappointed at this product. This is the worst laptop I had ever used in my life because it's just suck. You can not download anything even: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, any games, .....