RBO8BD6L3TDN3->Had this for a little over a year, could not download many apps because it kept telling me that I had no room on the drive , with a 16gig drive it should have worked. To top it off the charge plug has not worked right for the last 6 months and now it will not charge at all, it is official it is a paperweight.Would not buy this item again
R2KO8NHV28216Q->Purchased this product and in a matter of months the charge port died.  Requested support thru Amazon and the company promptly replaced.  Within months ONCE AGAIN the charge port is dead.  Contacted Matricom only to hear that the second device &#34;carries&#34; through the one year warranty from the first device and  oh shucks now your out of warranty and out of that great product we sold you.  Curiously &#34;they are no longer carrying that product because they're in a new season&#34;???Don't recommend you waste your time or money.
R63HJ7GN7ZNAN->My second G-Tab.. love them both. Just wish it had a bigger app partition.  Both units have really good battery life and good screens.
RRJVDLA4CCSJY->It is good and it works fine
R3KQZ4NAK8UTN1->Bought this for a friend.  After installing the firmware update it is a great product.  She loves it and uses it all the time.
RA54HJLN8HMFC->Everything was fine. Excellent tablet. Excellent screen. But ... when I placed a cheap SD card, it began blocking constantly. I can't use it now. Any activity involving the internal memory access, ends up blocking the tablet. I reinstalled everything completely, I gave format the internal memory... and nothing.
RTWIMNYTXXZUA->works as it is suposed to
R6OAQD1SUE96U->Immediately i received the unit does not turn on and the ac charging input are  loose internally .
R2F945UA54K1JO->Worked Great right out of the package No problems Thanks
R3TYIVCG7ZL4H4->When i got this it say on amazon 16 GB down load some apps now says not enough space all i did was download 3 apps so am like why it days 16 GB and them it has some think in the scream looks like something in the in side like line or a cracked but it dont feel like one but its there never buy this again
A3CE4554BIRJVI->I bought this as a gift for my wife for a replacement of an older tablet.  We have both been very impressed at the speed of the tablet and its responsiveness.  I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a great value tablet.
AZRGY96IEV25D->I was looking for a tablet to take with me on an upcoming vacation.  I have a great laptop but wanted something smaller that would allow me to access my email and Facebook, Skype, play games, and perhaps watch movies on the flight.  I have to admit I was skeptical when I saw the price of the G-Tab Iota.  I had never even heard of Matricom.  After spending several days comparing tablets, I realized nothing else was available with this many features at anywhere near the price.  Since I knew I could return it through Amazon if there was any problem, I didn't have anything to lose, so I placed my order.Two days later, (on a Saturday, no less), my tablet arrived.  It started up right out of the box.  The picture is bright and clear.  The touch-screen is very responsive.  Internet works great!  I watched a full movie with no breaks or pauses like I get on my laptop.  The camera is a bit grainy, but I don't plan on using this as a camera.  It is fine for Skype with video.  I'm sure there is a lot more I can do with this once I take the time to learn more about all the features.I couldn't be happier with my decision to buy the Matricom G-Tab Iota.  I would definitely recommend this.  I love it!
A20PPA7WPXR6S3->I was looking for inexpensive tablet to be used as ereader and just for surfing.  This is exactly what I wanted.Fast start up, great resolution, fast loading each page, fast downloading ebooks...I haven't used enough as yet to know about the battery life, but I am well pleased and would buy again.
A3DDDXG42DOA0U->This is a very well made tablet. Its performance with the Quad core processor stands out.The screen resolution produces clear sharp images, and the apps from Google Play make this a very useful tablet. It was so nice, I bought a second unit for my wife. She has hers in a case with a built in, wired keyboard. The TabSuit 10.1'' Tablet Folio Keyboard with Stand, Universal PU Leather case for 10.1'' Tablets is very comfortable to use and at $12.99 its very affordable. If you want the performance of the name brand tablets at an economical price, you should give this one a try. Now for the downside, this tablet is now being shipped and sold by Matricom, and unfortunately its more expensive than the first one I bought at $155.00 from Amazon with Prime, free shipping. The unit is more expensive now and you must also pay for shipping. That was my only disappointment.
A27LFRGE82AKX2->This is a very nice tablet for the money. I just can't figure out how to get it to save to SD CARD. keeps saying no SD CARD. Also it is supposed to be a 16GB tablet and it only registers under 1GB. and I didn't install or download anything yet. I bought this for my mom who is legally blind. It has a talk feature that is helpful to her. The screen is incredibly crisp. If I could figure out the storage issue, I would give it 5 stars.
ASOOYVBM0UTF1->I recently purchased the G-Tab for a Mother's Day present for my mom.  I'm relatively tech savvy and did some serious shopping of what was offered in the 10&#34; category.  Unless you are going to use this tablet for taking pictures, Skyping a lot, or need serious processing power... this IS the tablet you want.It powered up right out of the box and the first thing you notice is DAMN that screen is excellent!  The resolution and brightness really is the best characteristic of this product and frankly, that's what a tablet is for.  It has it's own kind of Matricom Android load which is snappy but had some difficulty customizing myself - basically because it's not a &#34;clean&#34; load and has some of their own apps.  I was able to quickly connect to a wifi signal and begin downloading and configuring it for my mom.  I was able to create Instagram and Facebook accounts in about 10 minutes and had the whole thing configured in about an hour with all the icons/widgets/apps before i sent it to her.PROS++ The screen is sharp, bright, and responsive --- A+++ There is about 11GB of user-storage which is more than plenty for most people+ The screen transitions aren't SUPER smooth, but the unit is very snappy opening apps, updating, etc.  Good power.+ The battery is great.  I think a full charge lasted the entire day i spent configuring it with screen brightness on full+ Sleek design, good bezel, metallic back, decent build quality+ Slot for microSD card which pretty much puts you at infinite storage+ Arrived in an attractive boxing with very good packaging and all the power/USB cables+ It arrived with a screen protector ALREADY applied and an extra in the box!!!+ I received an email followup asking about what I thought and with direct contact information and a forum for discussions.  I don't know for sure, but my guess is Matricom has some pride in their product and good customer service.+++ VALUE!!!!CONS-- The only actual negative thing are the cameras.  Both cameras, and/or the software, are sub-par.  If you are one of those people (which I hate) that walk around town taking pictures with your tablet then this won't work and you need to buy a new mobile phone.  Both cameras were choppy, low res, couldn't focus well, and there's no flash.  That said, it's a tablet and there may be Android Apps that can help.- Really a small gripe is the screen was a little jumpy with very subtle finger movements.  That might be because I have large fingers or I needed to calibrate it but it wasn't annoying but noticeable.- The power button location, for whatever reason, always seemed to be in the &#34;wrong&#34; place.  I don't know if it's a cultural thing, but I seemed to constantly have trouble finding it.- I didn't have a problem, but the charging port and module seemed small enough to be a problem.  Like, real small.  If this thing is charging and your dog or kid grabs and pulls it at 90 degrees my guess is it will break off.  So, just be responsible.Overall, my wife has an iPad2 and this was just as fast or better in every category except the cameras.  If i could give this 4.5 stars because the cameras are so bad, I would STILL give it a 5 because the screen and everything else is THAT good.
A1J7MLMPPQQSEV->I bought this tablet at the end of May 2014 for $144.00.  It's white which was cheaper than the black.  From the description they sounded the same.  I see this tablet at 8 GB at a now higher price, so i bought this at the right time.  I am in my late 60's (woman) not really tech savvy but do have a Dell laptop.  I had to have help getting on Wi-Fi but that was easily resolved by going back to the settings and undoing what I did and starting the set up again.  I got this for traveling since it is very light and portable. [Note: I got the Fintie folio case to protect this tablet.] Primarily I email, surf the web and watch youtube videos.  The keyboard on the screen was NOT too hard to get used to.  [It's good for the brain to try different ways of doing things!]  I have yet to remove any apps or download any new ones.  For what I got this for, it's an excellent tablet so far.
A1HJR7CJ682BFF->This tablet is the best value you can get for the price. I'll be honest I hate Apple and all things related to it. I can also say that this tablet definitely blows the iPad out of the water with the features and specs. I've been using it for a week now and have watched a movie, played a couple apps for hours, surfed the internet for a day and also read some e books and only had to charge it once! If your thinking about getting it, just do it you will be happy you did. Bottom line it boots up quickly, very responsive, doesn't freeze or lock up while multi tasking and will do what your expecting it to do.
A3GRG6PHCOFLH7->I can honestly say this tablet works better than expected. I use it solely for work, and not for entertainment. I have PowerPoint presentations on this, and have them displayed on a full-size monitor (when used with an adapter).One cool and unknown (to most) feature is you don't actually use the standard charger it comes with. A micro USB charger will charge it just fine.One downfall to note is there are not too many accessories that fit this particular tablet. I use a &#34;universal&#34; tablet stand for this, as well as a Bluetooth keyboard, and they work just fine on this device.Another issue is removing the micro SD card when inserted. It's takes effort and tools to remove it. But, despite what the box says (32 GB), it can accept a 64 GB micro SD card.You can play games on this, and it has good graphics and a good processor. So, if you're looking for something that looks really good, performs well, and is very inexpensive, this is definitely something I recommend.
A3LV180F7XRK0D->I bought this tablet and the black one.  It's well made.  The material in the back cover is aluminum.  My main usage is to easily copy movies, and music on either external sd or usb hard drive to watch while I am traveling.  This tablet can do just that.  I can just drop the movies (mp4 and MVK) and music on the external hard drive, plug it in the tablet and play. Simple and straight forward.  This is how it should be instead of going through some middle application.  My wife and I really like this tablet.
AIV4DVRWMR9QD->My son was looking for a tablet and didn't want to pay the iPad price. When he spotted this deal for this tablet with great specifications he was very happy.  The tablet came quickly and it had everything he wanted.  Fast operating system, apps that he wants, stylish looking and full size. He is quite satisfied with this tablet.
A1OD0TEW225SA4->Work greate and down load web page fast. And price is chep. battery last long.  My kids love it.  You can not go wrong with The quality and price.
AAA8Q6YKU5P5Y->Nothing but a pricey paper weight! worthless beyond Words. No memory thats usable and it pretended  to use sd card. I cant believe its on the market. All peeps saysn good stuff must be selling it cz its flat out junk!! Just stay away from this headache cz returning it is a no.
A9A2K51WOTLT5->I purchased this for my sixteen year old grandson who just loves how fast it is for games...would recommend and a great price
AG0785ES8IUIK->This tablet is all I hoped for and more....I was originally looking at the Galaxy tab and I am glad I went with the Matricom instead. Large screen, crystal clear graphics, great gameplay, and great haptic feedback...I may just buy another for a backup...Bravo.
A3XUIIL2V8KER->This works much better than the Visio tablet I had, for sure.  Had some issues with smooth action on the touchscreen, sort of like the graphics were skipping or sticking...this cleared up after I ran a bloatware remover.  This may also be because of the 1 Gig of ram. 2 gigs generally clears up these kind of issues.  A little disappointed that screen is not full HD...as this tablet does sport a micro hdmi connector (not mini)...it is clearly intended for viewing on your tv...however, the picture is truncated when connecting to an HD TV...because 1 side of the display has 800 resolution.  There is a bit of blur in the characters when e-reading or looking at adobe docs.  Also, could use a front facing speaker and more than 1 for stereo.  These are my only complaints so far.Price was great...$144 with free shipping.  Bought it for my wife...and to see how her experience went before ordering a new tablet for myself.  All was good, so I went to order an identical one for myself this weekend only to find the price had jumped to $180.  I see it's back down to $155 now...although the black version is still at $180.This gave me pause and I started shopping around and researching in this new price range and my decision ended up between 2 different models.  The PiPo M6 Pro and the Dragon Touch R97.  The PiPo is almost a clone of the Ipad4.  It is very popular and has a large support community.  The Dragon Touch R97, which was $50 cheaper and the specs even better than the PiPo.  So I went for the Dragon Touch for $180.  It sports a Rockwell 1.8 ghz quad core...2 gigs ram...and 2048x1536 9.7&#34; retina display.  It has a few bad reviews, but my impression is they were the result of user errors, for the most part.  Some users were even able to upgrade to the newest Android OS with it...Kitkat.Now, if only folks could come up with an 8.5 x 11&#34; HD display with these specs in this price range!  8.5 x 11 has been the standard for reading materials for how long???  How about a battery pack like the Lenovo Yoga to offset the extra power drain?  If I see it, I'll buy it!
A1MLQ6RRM6Q934->this tablet is awesome!!!! the picture quality is excellent and it downloads games fast!!! It is even has amazon kindle on it!! I would buy another in a heartbeat!!!!
ASJLPTL805H11->I don't have a whole lot of tablet experience, but so far this one seems to be a solid product. I have had no issues learning to use it and it does everything I have wanted it to thus far.
AEO7G305WRVA4->Excellent tablet. Great screen, fast, nice response to touch. A bonus was the 2 screen protectors included. You get one installed by the factory and a spare.The tablet size is excellent for business apps, and the quad core gives it excellent gaming and video playback capabilities.If you want an Android tablet, this is the one to get.
A3V71P9ZOCNIB7->My mom purchased this tablet for me. It was a surprise. I am just enjoying my tablet. It's everything a table should be. Great performance! I am loving it!
A2XC81H3FNTIOY->The SD Card slot will not allow me to store anything on the card; therefore the 588 MB of internal storage is almost depleted and will make the table inoperable.
A2NH74AT8BAURT->Sending it back.  Played with it for about 45 minutes, then the bottom right corner got super hot and the screen went black.  Terrible product.
A1FATUZ022WQJ2->I bought this great little android tablet as a first computer for my technophobe husband.  It is a solid-feeling, expensive-looking tablet that arrived on time, in attractive and secure packaging, and in perfect condition.  The battery time is impressive.  The processor is fast.  The screen is exceptionally crisp and clear, and sensitive to the lightest touch.  The sound is excellent.  The cameras work well.  The system found and connected to WIFI with no problem.  This is a high-end tablet PC with a low-end price.  It has most of the features of the better-known brands -- at less than half the cost.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is the user manual, which is quite brief and not very helpful to a first-time android tablet user.  I have had to purchase a "how to" book to help my husband progress past the absolute basics...  so far, so good; he is learning his way around the software and hardware with surprising ease.  Don't hesitate to give it a try.
AEMT6H5W4PX83->I really love this tablet. The graphics and speed are fantastic. One problem I found is it should have more storage for games as I do not use it for videos, pictures, or music. Added memory card and so far that works. Great product and great price.
A1ARCWGKZXUZ8C->Best Tablet EverBluetooth On It Also....Great Price Great ProccessorDual Camera1080p HD Tablet Has It all,I Prefer This To Everyone..
A6KVP1LD0E8J1->Fast and nice tablet. Boot up was fast. Easy lay out. Good battery life.  Unable to run a lot of video on xmbc. Worked with tech support without much success. Had to return unit for refund. I gave it 3 stars for the tablet but downgraded due to xmbc issues.
A478397598349->This tablet is amazing. I have been looking for the perfect tablet for my son with special needs and vision problems. He can see this one very clearly. He has been sitting on the couch for the past 2 days playing with this tablet nonstop. I loaded up some apps for him and the you tube app. He loves to watch roller coaster videos on you tube. I just hear him laughing all day! We are going to use this to further his education in home school as well. This tablet loads up his games very nicely and actually holds its charger quite well. I am super impressed with the quality of this tablet. Thank you so much for the opportunity to review this product at a discounted rate. My family thanks you!! We all enjoy hearing the laughter from our sweet little boy.
AFHEIW304344->Tablet states it has 16g of memory. The tablet actually came with 788mg of internal storage which is mostly already used by preloaded apps that you cannot uninstall, leaving only about 300mg to actually install your own apps to. The second internal storage with 11.27gb is kind of like a memory card only certain apps can be trasferrered to it, therefore you are not going to get to utilize it for downloading all apps. So when the 300 mb in the main internal storage is full, no more apps for you. Videos and music do seem to make it to the 2nd internal storage, not much else. Oh yes, don't bother putting your own memory card in this device, it will say its there but won't put anything on it. All apps still download to the 300mb I have found this device has a great picture and moves very quickly and will be great for someone that wants to watch videos, play games over the internet or listen to music, but if you want to download apps it's not going to happen with this device. I downloaded 1 multi level game game thru the app store, the only app downloaded and could not complete all levels of game do to storage issues.
ADEKJF453095->I want to like this tablet so much. The screen is so pretty and clear. And large. But right away, there were issues. I don't know how to explain the problem, but one of my games was having A VISUAL PROBLEM, MEANING THAT WHEN MY LIFE ENDED, THE SCREEN WOULDN'T COME BACK UP. i COULD HEAR THE MUSIC, BUT i COULDN'T SEE THE (damn caps lock) visuals.) I would have to back out and restart the tablet. Also, when the battery is very low, the tablet goes crazy. Literally. The screen scrolls red lines and if I were playing a game, the touch screen would go wonky. The red lines were obviously the worse part about that. What I don't understand is if this tablet has 16 GB internal memory, then why when I turned it on, before I downloaded ANYTHING, did it only have less than 1GB left of free space? I used my own sd card, but even then it would tell me I didn't have enough internal memory for games, when I moved all my games to my card.The straw, however, is that the screen stopped working. I have had it less than a week and my tablet no longer works. I am really upset and returning it. I hoped for more. I think that the Quality Control with this company needs improvement if it's a crap shoot if you get a good product or not.
AI32UOIF49803->Let me tell you that for about couple of months after purchasing this tablet, I was quite happy. It had some issues like partitioned memory, which was a handicap in down loading applications. I thought that additional SD card memory should help. But it did not. By default the applications download to memory and it is quite less. After use of a couple months I found that the screen froze and I could not restart the tablet, even after complete reset. When I contacted the technical support from Matricom, they told me that this is a known problem. They agreed to replace the tablet, though I had to mail it back on my cost. The replacement tab ran only for a couple of weeks and the screen started scrolling. I contacted support again and they asked me to mail the defective tablet back. After I mailed the defective tablet back, I got a tablet with shattered scree. By the time I was pretty upset and fed up with the exchange process. I requested them for a full refund and they agreed to refund me. That way I am impressed by the Matricom support, however I am not too sure about the quality of the product. So my rating about the product would be a 2 star.
ARJIO34U3930->This tablet works great. It's great for viewing YouTube videos via WiFi...and the HDMI connection works with a television too. The USB connection acknowledges my USB-powered 500 GB Buffalo passport drive and videos stream without any problems. Unfortunately, the external drive is only recognized if plugged into the tablet while the tablet is already turned on...the tablet doesn't see it if you turn on the tablet while the external drive is already connected...still trying to figure that out. One disappointment is that the tablet doesn't seem to have WiFi Direct. I was hoping to use this tablet as a remote control for a Panasonic DSLR DMC-G6 camera. Still on a learning curve with it. Videos stream well from a micro-SD 32 GB card...haven't tried anything larger. Battery seems to be lasting a long time and the WiFi seems to work well. I've been about 30 feet from the 2-Wire ATT modem streaming videos...the modem is set to low power.
A34FEOI43034->Fantastic price/performance ratio. Not the highest resolution or the lightest, but very fast and responsive.This is all my elderly father needs in a tablet!
AFRJHF4083003->The G-Tab Iota is a wonderful tablet for its price and it was delivered on October 6th. If you're looking for an inexpensive, but great quality tablet, this would be a great buy. I've have a Kindle Fire (7 in) and had an iPad (1st Gen) once upon a time; I would compare the G-Tab to the iPad. I love Mac products: I use a MacBook Pro for work, I had like three or four generations of the iPhone and I also own a Chromebook. Though I'm not a "techie" by any means, I am the type of guy people ask about tech toys. I also spent about eight+ hours over a handful of days researching and comparing different tablets, much to the chagrin and annoyance of family and my significant other. I'm very glad I made the purchase.I want to list what I like and dislike, the pros and cons of the tablet if anyone is interested:Starting with the cons:- It feels a little cheap. Compared to other tablets, it feels a little brittle despite the metal back. Even tablets like the Kindle Fire with that has a plastic back. It even creaks when you apply pressure to the corners or sides (just a gentle squeeze will do).- This is just a personal preference, but it feels a little light. I like heavier tablets because it feels like you're actually holding something in your hands. Again, this is just a personal preference and if you like light-weight tablets, the G-Tab is comparable to the weight of the Kindle Fire. It's hard for me to notice a difference in weight when I hold both my Kindle and the G-Tab in my hands.- THE BATTERY IS AWFUL. If I wasn't so happy with the other features and benefits for the price, I'd give the G-Tab a two or three star rating. I sometimes have to charge it twice a day to full power. It runs down to 60-ish% within 45 minutes, depending on what I'm using it for. I use the G-Tab for reading news, email and checking Facebook mostly. When I play any games or watch video, the battery life is even worse. When my Kindle Fire is fully charged, and I only use it for reading news, books or similar tasks, my charge will last two days or more.- The headphone jack cracked a little. It's barely noticeable and I had a problem with no sound coming through the day I noticed it. But now the sound works fine with a good set of headphones. And you'll need a set of headphones if you're going to watch a lot of video or listen to music. If you're just watching a clip you found online, the speaker if fine. If you're watching Netflix or whatever, you'll need to plug something in.- This is more a personal preference, too. I don't love reading e-books on it. I think I got so accustomed to the size of my Kindle it's hard for me to handle the extra three inches. It's great for reading news, emails and other quick reads, though.- The cameras aren't very good.The pros:- It's just a wonderful tablet for the price.- The screen resolution and color are great. Like most all tablets, you'll have a hard time seeing the screen outdoors.- It's fast. Some people have complained about the Wi-Fi speed, but I haven't noticed any problems. It's as fast or faster than my Kindle in the same locations in the house.- I've used the call features on Facebook Messenger and Google's Hangouts and the calls come in really well if the connection to the Internet is good. I haven't used it for video chat, though.- The selection of apps is fantastic. This is important to me because I wanted a tablet I could use lightly for work and mostly for play. But the Kindle absolutely didn't cut it for work, the Amazon app store is horrid when it comes to selection (and honestly all around for just working most of the time). I like to use To-Do lists, email and other apps that help me work more efficiently and the G-Tab is sufficient for my work needs.Overall, I recommend getting the G-Tab if you're looking for a good tablet. It is serving as a filler for the next three to six months for me, but if the battery was better, I'd plan on it being my main device and give it a five star rating.
AFIOR430023->Bought this mid 2014. At the time, it had the best specs for the best price in the category. And it is super fast and has a great screen. Way better than a cheap 10 inch tablet I bought the year before which had terrible screen resolution and a slow processor.Battery lasts much longer than the other one I had.Can't really say anything bad about this for what you are paying. No idea why anyone on earth pays 500 to 1k for an ipad when you can buy this.
AFDSKNFKJ3R90->For the price, this is a nice machine. The Wi-Fi on it is terrible. I find myself having to stand right over my wireless router to get a good signal (the iphones & ipad & various laptops have no such issues). I'd recommend to anyone who needs/wants a tablet but not willing to spend an arm & a leg
ADJKCNKSD3R29->The thing that kills this device's usefulness is the memory. Yes, it has 16GB of internal memory. 15GB of which is an internal (non-removable) SD card. Only 1 GB of real flash memory. And every app takes up some of that internal memory, and some won't let you move them to the SD card at all. So very quickly, the device's internal memory is full and you can't install more apps. So the specifications are misleading and end up leaving you with a device that is woefully weak for real use.
AFHJH4R309340->Great price and great tablet
AJKDSKJDHSUIDI->This tablet has really decent hardware and theoretically should not have any issues at all. Here's the problem: They advertise either 8GB or 16GB storage, which it does technically have (I got the 16GB model). Even though that 16GB becomes 11.xxGB after OS and required programs, it is still plenty for any app you would ever install. What they don't tell you is that the internal memory is partitioned into system memory and an internal sd card. By default, apps install to system memory and the internal sd card is used for file storage. That system memory is only formatted to 788MB. 788MB!!!! Not even 1GB. Try to install one large game and you will either get a message that you don't have enough space or you will get a message that internal storage is running out! Some apps can be moved to the internal sd card after install and if you are tech savvy you can even alter the default install location from system memory to the internal sd card. However, even doing that doesn't completely move or install the app entirely on the internal sd card. There is always 5-20mb installed in the system memory. This isn't a problem with most top level android phones because if they are advertised as 16GB or 32GB, THEY ACTUALLY HAVE IT WHERE IT'S NEEDED!! This is a HUGE flaw in this tablet and had I known it ahead of time I most definitely would not have bought it. I have read that Matricom is "working on a fix" but I highly doubt it. I took this thing out of the box and attempted to install Angry Birds GO and was told there wasn't enough storage.I did a lot of comparison between this tablet and the ones that are $400 and up and the only difference I found was that this one doesn't have GPS so I thought it would be fine. Now I know better. Hopefully you will take my anger and disappointment into consideration before you give them your money too.Here's another issue that I probably would overlook if not for the storage issue. You cannot use headphones while the tablet is charging. There is a loud humming noise caused by some kind of interference. Doesn't matter if it is charging with the supplied AC adapter or via USB to the PC.***EDIT*** After a chat with a Matricom support tech this morning, there may be hope. He said they are working on a new firmware that will combine both of those partitions into one and effectively give you all of the 16GB for storage and app installs (minus what the OS takes of course). According to the guy, the firmware should be available by the end of July. If that does happen and it does what it says, I will change my review and most likely go to 4 or 5 stars.
AVJDSH3RR9290->This is a very well made tablet. Its performance with the Quad core processor stands out.The screen resolution produces clear sharp images, and the apps from Google Play make this a very useful tablet. It was so nice, I bought a second unit for my wife. She has hers in a case with a built in, wired keyboard. The TabSuit 10.1'' Tablet Folio Keyboard with Stand, Universal PU Leather case for 10.1'' Tablets is very comfortable to use and at $12.99 its very affordable. If you want the performance of the name brand tablets at an economical price, you should give this one a try. Now for the downside, this tablet is now being shipped and sold by Matricom, and unfortunately its more expensive than the first one I bought at $155.00 from Amazon with Prime, free shipping. The unit is more expensive now and you must also pay for shipping. That was my only disappointment.
AJHDSR903043R->I was looking for a tablet to take with me on an upcoming vacation. I have a great laptop but wanted something smaller that would allow me to access my email and Facebook, Skype, play games, and perhaps watch movies on the flight. I have to admit I was skeptical when I saw the price of the G-Tab Iota. I had never even heard of Matricom. After spending several days comparing tablets, I realized nothing else was available with this many features at anywhere near the price. Since I knew I could return it through Amazon if there was any problem, I didn't have anything to lose, so I placed my order.Two days later, (on a Saturday, no less), my tablet arrived. It started up right out of the box. The picture is bright and clear. The touch-screen is very responsive. Internet works great! I watched a full movie with no breaks or pauses like I get on my laptop. The camera is a bit grainy, but I don't plan on using this as a camera. It is fine for Skype with video. I'm sure there is a lot more I can do with this once I take the time to learn more about all the features.I couldn't be happier with my decision to buy the Matricom G-Tab Iota. I would definitely recommend this. I love it!