R2JFL0AJXSL0TB->I received the computer just a bit before my husband passed away, so I opened it and got aquanted with it, and then due to the situation it sat there for several weeks unused.  Then when I finally last week wanted to use it to watch a movie the dvd player didn't work.  I had it looked at by a person who knows about computers and he confirmed the thing is not working.  In the meantime the 30 day return policy from Amazon has expired, so I'd like to know what to do to get this computer returned or fixed.  Thanks for your input.
R2N9X3DAYYAUC3->A great replacement pc for me. Excellent for use with cd rom type use.
R1LR3IYJN0XLF5->Excellent, 100% satisfied customer
RRYHIDUWCWCGC->I just got the computer today and although I loved the look and feel of it, I got a &#34;battery has experienced a permanent failure and needs to be replaced&#34; error message while trying to set the laptop up and running. When I clicked on the battery icon it said &#34;battery not detected&#34;. These error messages kept coming up multiple times. The touchpad was also very sluggish. I returned it within hours of getting it. Not worth spending any more time on it than I had.
R32OX36W6BL4Y5->I bought this laptop last year to use in my business.  I have always used Dell products so I wasn't worried with this purchase.  I can not wait to replace this laptop and I am not sure if I will go with another Dell.  The keys are cheaper than previous laptops, maybe it's just the version I got, not sure.  The Windows operating system (yes I know it's not the Dell issue) but it added to my annoyance with this laptop.  The scrolling is hard, the right click never works.  Sometimes trying to power it up from a sleep mode take 5 or 6 tries and I have to just restart it to get it to work at all. Trying to get the sound open to mute and un-mute take 3 or 4 clicks before it finally opens.  Everyday there is just something new to annoy me with this laptop.
R32HSDXQ9O0DDM->I bought this computer on Oct 14, 14, from Amazon. The keyboard has malfunctioned in this manner:  as I type, the cursor  re-locates on its own. The letters may appear for five to ten keystrokes and then suddenly I find the typing has re-located to the middle of another word. This is so bad that I bought a keyboard to use, a really awkward and unpleasant solution. Now today as I must deal with reporting my husband's sudden death my computer is dead and does not charge. The big surprise -  Dell says I have no warranty because I bought from Amazon. I do not get why a new Dell is not warranted regardless of where I bought it. I will not buy another Dell product.
R3NQBZXRDQ2R0X->Disappointed with speed and is not the upgrade I expected.
R2VNATF7WU6KA5->I purchased a similar version of this computer (Inspiron 5547) in December of 2014 and have regretted it from day one.  The keyboard and touch pad are very poorly made.  The touch pad failed within four months of purchase, and despite hours on the phone with Dell customer support and sending it in to be repaired, it has never worked correctly since the problem began.  I have noticed that if I have even the slightest amount of moisture on my hands (like on a warm August day), then the touch pad stops working or goes haywire.  Today the computer locked up and is stuck in an alternating pattern between the Windows app screen and the desk top.  I am very close to writing this computer off as a complete loss and buying a new one...from a different manufacturer.  Save your money, your time and your frustration - buy a laptop from someone other than Dell.
R3QEVO1LM5LT84->A much better replacement for the older Studio models.
RFQT4EBWBP64W->after just over a year, our keyboard (attached to computer) is practically unreadable.  For some reason  paint has come off the letters!  Other than that, it is fine.
R3A1Y77P19JSX1->For an i5 computer with 8g RAM it freezes up a lot, the touch pad does not respond at times as well. Speakers are unable to output the true volume the system has. I'd suggest running it with Windows 7, may work better.
R1AVOGK7T8OMW7->I am having difficulty with computer not being able to stay on the internet. Also windows 8 is complex. Have not been able to really use it with problems.
RRBCIACZGABAJ->So far, this laptop seems a decent value for the money and for my usage.  I wanted a laptop with a large screen to replace a standard computer with a sizable monitor. Connectivity is not lightening fast, but adequate.. Wasn't wild about the large touch pad, so I'm using a mouse (wired)...which works fine. The keys are sizable and easy to type on..and as a writer, this is important to me. I'd recommend this for basic computer needs, especially word processing, but not for travel or where fast speed is needed. I'm hoping this Dell product gives years of good service--we shall see!
R2SM74TYWRX1F2->Very good my second Dell and is surprising how big
R30RUVXJLF5NXW->Takes some getting used to, but I love it's large size.
R2HNZBZWLR5J2P->Nice , big screen, no complaints
R2IXF33TSGG3IG->Everything was according with muy expectations
RR5IC2E4S78BZ->I received this as a gift in 11/2014 and the laptop has pretty much broken down piece by piece since that time.  First the mousepad stop working and I had to buy a usb mouse.  Then the battery stopped charging completey and I have to keep it plugged in all the time.  These two issues came up within 4 months of owning the laptop. The computer now takes 10 mintues to load ANYTHING. A web page, A Word program, etc. Finally,  the hard drive has failed and its out of the small warrenty time frame, so I'm stuck with a grey square piece of plastic.  It didn't even make it for a year.  I've owned Dell laptops before and never had these issues with their products.  Very disappointed.
RL0CZ9MMT0OA1->I returned this item
RXA7DZIURHUU4->Very slow.  Not happy with this purchase.
R5Z9BT54R7XAY->Very good
R46WJL7FIDA81->This is a very nice laptop. It has enough memory to handle my  large applications.
R36T95TFRKZD6N->perfect
R1CSE5UFP9GYM9->Bad computer dos Not  work
R26A8I11LYZVY9->less than a year, battery is at total failure.
RFJWUJQATW938->Configuration of the keyboard seems disproportional to the size of the laptop. Was excited about the purchase, but after testing it out, it just wasn't for me.
R2YQ1Z5B8KTSJQ->This is a better laptop than I thought it would be. I wanted something with a larger screen and a large enough hard drive where I could store lots of photographs and edit them in Lightroom. It's fast enough, and while plasticy on the inside and underneath the brushed aluminum top is a nice touch. And the screen, while not true HD and saddled with color and contrast shift when you look at it from a side angle, is still bright and sharp and accurate enough to do the job.This isn't a laptop you'll lug around with you to coffeeshops, as its size makes it more useful as a desktop replacement, but that said, it's (relatively) thin and lightweight enough to not be a burden to carry back and forth from room to room or rest on your lap. Keyboard is responsive and keystroke feels good. One thing I did to first was get rid of the bloatware, but to be honest, compared to a lot of Windows PC's there wasn't a whole lot of it and was easy to remove.
R13PXUN1UU6YSB->This is a lemon.  This thing has been nothing but garbage.  Do not buy this.  If you do, well I tried so good luck.
R24802TMQFW1U2->Very nice, large screen computer! Screen is bright, everything is responsive to your keystrokes or touch. I hate how people rate it lower because of Windows 8. You knew what you were buying, its not the computers fault. Got it for a great price. A little upgrading (Intel 7260 ac wifi card, ram upgrade, and SSD and this computer becomes a beast! Highly recommend to anyone!
R314TV17MW27XZ->The dell feels so puny and disposable and cheesy. my h.p. Laptop which feels like it came from tiffanys whereas the dell feels like a dime store knock off. My hp is 15 years old and still works fine. Why did i buy another computer? Thought my hp might quit and needed a back up. Silly me
R1P1GK8M7IE2AL->Excellent
R2A87F54LNJBCK->Terrible performance, glitchy and the picture quality was poor. Windows 8 is the worst OS IVE EVER USED
R3W3KE9LVN8043->Be prepared...the front edge of this computer is sharp!  Also, have not been able to adjust the mouse settings - sometimes over sensitive and other  times unresponsive.  Not my favorite computer for sure.
R1EZTSBA37VX0F->Very Happy!  Thought it would be difficult to switch from my old XP to 8.1, but it is really easy! The new wide screen is great, too!!
R318X1WE9EZRTV->Very pleased with the product.  The seller did a good job.  I do sense some issues with the mouse at times just as others have mentioned but for the price it's well worth it.
R39MNZQW3ZGV1T->4 months. Won't turn on. I do not recommend purchasing this.
R23H3ITSZKNDAO->I hate to write this, but by ethical reason I need to say, for the way, they sell product, is not acceptable, to anywhere. They use good image to sell bad stuff, and It is not selling what it says. 1.The laptop weights so heavy, 10 pounds;  2. also it is hard to read the text by the maximum adjustment of the brightness and contrast. Basically, they are not selling what they claim.
R2HFENWZ1VX99W->The machine arrived with an invalid Windows 8.1 operating system and it's been a royal pain in the... trying to get this corrected.
R1PM1RXK3IITUD->I was actually surprised to see that the back is actual aluminum rather than just plastic. Full keyboard and a touchpad. I can't using a touchpad so I can't comment on that. Has all of the ports I expect to see in a laptop - HDMI, 3.5mm audio, Ethernet, 3 USB, an SD card reader and a standard power connector. Also has a disk drive, though I wish it was replaced with the option to add a second storage drive. The 500GB 5400RPM hard drive that comes with it is slow (to be expected in a laptop at this price) so I replaced it with an Intel 530 SSD. A single RAM slot means I'd have to replace the RAM that it comes with rather than add to it if I ever decide that I need more. The reason I picked out this laptop is the screen. Cheap laptops come with 1360x768 resolution screens with very few exceptions. Frankly I think that is just not an acceptable resolution for any screen bigger than 12&#34;. Fortunately this was an exception to that rule. It has a 1600x900 resolution screen which still wasn't the 1080p I really wanted but I was on a budget and decided this is good enough. I have to say I was disappointed with the quality of the screen. The colors are bad, and get much worse very quickly when looking at the screen from any angle. When I was reading reviews before purchasing, I remember a couple people mentioning having problems with the wifi card. At one point mine stopped working, but I just opened Windows device manager and disabled/re-enabled it and it immediately fixed the problem. When I get a laptop that is inevitably loaded with all kinds of junkware the first thing I do is reinstall the OS. (I had to do this anyway after installing my SSD.) In the past I don't think I've ever seen a laptop that didn't come with a Windows activation key, but once again this one proves to be an exception. Fortunately I had an extra one so it didn't cause a serious problem. All thing considered, an Intel Core-i3 and a 1600x900 screen are worth the price I paid.
R35X12B1XHLWNJ->great price
RPAHWJB9D5YJT->This is the worst Dell computer I have ever bought. It randomly reboots when it gets moved. I called customer support and told them the problem. Their solution was to reload the operating system which was not the problem. I sent it to them and they did it. i got it back and it is still doing the same thing. This may stop me from buying a Dell again. If I could do 0 stars I would
R1SASCU234YK3M->as described
R2O2XIN6DPK72H->Worst quality and reliability of any computer I've ever had.  Multiple fatal errors in the operating system from the factory which caused 20+ hours of time with tech support (for an additional $239 charge) and resulted in multiple resets to factory settings.  A mouse pad that didn't work properly out-of-the box and a keyboard that had to be replaced due to keys not functioning.  This all took place between the end of October (new) to the end of February.  At that point, I finally gave up and returned the computer and will move on to a different brand.  I'm just astounded at the poor quality of the Dell product and will never go back.
R2AA72BWHCFHTB->I like everything about this computer but the dadgum, stupid, ignorant piece of junk touchpad, more specifically, how to disable it.  For some insane reason, there is not a hot key to turn off the touchpad.  No big deal right, just go to the control panel and turn it off.  No such luck.  Ok, download the driver software from Dell to disable the touchpad.  SUCCESS!!  That did it!  Finally I can use the keyboard without my hands moving the cursor all over the place while typing.  Wait a minute.  What in Hades is going on?!  Why is the touchpad back on?  Per the touchpad driver program that I downloaded from Dell, the touchpad display says it is off.  Well, maybe I need to download an update.  That worked.  Touchpad is now disabled, again.  You guessed it, it's back on.  I don't know, maybe I am the idiot here.  Anyhow, I like the performance of the laptop, and if you LOVE to use the touchpad instead of a mouse, this computer is for you.
R1K4KUV6N2R1IM->After much research and reading reviews on different sites (here, PC Mag, laptop Mag and the likes), I almost settled on buying this older model of Inspiron until I went on Dell's site and discovered that the newer (out mid-next week) i7-5500U chipped Inspiron is much more desirable, what with the sales on there, Dell sells the higher end of that machine http://www.dell.com/us/business/p/inspiron-17-5749-laptop/pd?oc=smi175w7ps2409&model_id=inspiron-17-5749-laptop with a whooping discount, offering a better deal than this older model. :) On top of that, Dell, wisely, in my opinion, will install Windows 7 pro before shipping it. I'm hoping to give that new machine a 4 star or even 5 if I really like it - I should get it in two weeks' time and will update this review. In "hopeful" comparison - new chip, windows 7 pro, and the newly gone private Dell (hopefully better management therefore better long-visioned engineering) - I gave this older model a 3 star.
R2N3SJDA9T63V4->fitsmy need great!
R26LCUDUDMK7KQ->Oh, no…! This Dell model is awful in all aspects: too slow in any task, so ugly and has a really very poor screen definition. I buy Dell since 2001, from desktops to notebooks. By the way, my last note bought was an Intel i7 XPS Studio 1645, in 2009, and it worked very well until early 2014, when it crashed at all and, unfortunately, there was no way to fix it anymore. I saw an offer at Dell's site last December, Inspiron 16“, i7 fourth generation, 8GB RAM and so on, with $419 discount, at $679. But, as I had no cash at that time, I decided to buy at Amazon this trash note…! When I think that for just $200 more I would get a reasonable note, I almost think to kill myself. Some mistakes can`t be fixed anymore. So, if you want a note that is not just for doing ordinary tasks, I would tell you to don`t buy this model, as actually it is just for dummies. Sorry if I offend someone, but that is what I can tell about it.
RXBKJIVOHAADQ->Returned this computer.  Consistently disconnected from the internet.  Functioned at an extremely slow pace - offline and online.  Touchpad was also not not affixed very tightly.
R294O38LLJA5LK->I had it for a few months now.  I dislike window8..  The touchpads left and right click is a little akward, but for a laptop at the price it works nicely and  Everything is functioning as it should.
R4GQNKE4FY0VE->The LapTop is light for mobility, functional, simple and practical. The keyboard hardness is adecuate, the display screen and image resolution are quite good. Sound speakers could be bit improved. Overall, for the money paid for it, it is a great investment.
R1OLDYHVJAZ3B4->I Love it!!
R1OQ4IHVV5PJV5->Love it . It is fast and easy to use
R3EKPR2H11QJ81->I love my Dell. Was well worth the money!
R28HEF7ADUEQHE->Weeks of intense research down the drain. For all the features and price, IF it functioned for the intent of use...WOW! BUT it did not. Simply put: As OTHER reviewers have said, this unit CONTINUALLY drops internet & wifi. Not that I didn't believe just assumed my situation would be different since the laptop would be in the SAME room as the router & modem. Soooo frustrating and even more so &#34; WORK-wise&#34;. OTHER: Granted, this is not a BIG expensive system but you would expect the keyboard to not &#34;move&#34; so much under the mere weight of typing fingers, especially left side . AND: I am not &#34;for sure&#34; you can turn off the touch pad when using a mouse...why for me the touch pad causes my keyboard typed letters to end up....anywhere on the page. For those that care I have scratched HP from the &#34;potential purchase list&#34; due to quality. My current HP lasted 1 week after the 3 year extended warranty and will need to be stripped, corrupt sound files and I rarely used sound. Rumor has it, HP quality has gone down-hill since my purchase...just a rumor but I am listening.  ***I will be researching Lenovo Models &#34; B50's i5, &#34;touch&#34; 1TB, 8 Gig $800 on Lenovo site & $900 at Best Buy. GOOD luck...did not realize what a CHORE it has become to spend money on a laptop. Operating system 8.1 will sometime in 2015 be Microsoft Operating system 10 with a FREE upgrade perhaps 8 as well.  HANG IN!!!
R31HAF13F3VYTA->I purchased the laptop for myself and I think its great, the laptop was delivered as promised, in tack and in Great shape.  I Love IT.
RJIXBXC34JZMG->great computer at a good price, our fourth dell laptop.  I am very happy with this laptop.
R3EBOU6ALWRSHU->I didn't buy this laptop I have the i 3
R3H3Z44SUAAPDL->Flimsy power cord input broke less than 30 days after buying it. Junkware installed like crazy too.
R25KSVKX8WMBPQ->Made a good choice its 8.1 light weight
R323JGGGWPCCOY->It matched my expectations a 100% and I would recommend it to a friend.
R1IERZQSVEZ9XO->There are alot of people in here complaining about the touchpad on this computer. I just received min yesterday and began to set it up to my liking. I did notice the touchpad was sluggish and difficult to use at first. However once you go into the control panel you can adjust the sensitivity and speed of the pointer response from the touchpad. After adjusting it i found it works quite well. I still have to get used to the size but im sure it will come with time. If i notice anything else ill post it.
R2KR1FH45TF3FX->Excellent product for my needs, price was right and delivery was super fast. All systems are working fine. No complaints.
RKA2KQZLZEO4B->A powerful machine, slightly heavier than laptops of its size. Works so well, A great purchase for my office work
R33MEU7T6O50NU->having trouble with win 8.1
R9YHJPUXI1EA2->This computer sucks. The operating system sucks. Microsoft sucks. Windows 8.1 is the worst operating system ever invented. I ordered a Canon brand new all in one wireless printer and it will not work with 8.1. Canon support said I had to call Microsoft to unlock programs so it would work. Microsoft wanted $200 in tech support to do that. OK the printer went back in the box and back to Amazon. I bought a $29 printer because 8.1 cannot handle anything smarter than that. Seriously, the first PC I bought in 1996 was way easier to use that this junk. Trying to make everything way too fancy and it works like crap. And on top of all of that, the McAfee pop ups forcing you to subscribe to their security service will make you wish you were dead. Buy an Apple. It's more money but at least they know how to make operating systems that work. Oh yea, the new Word and Excel programs bite the big one too...free google drive kicks their butt.
R3REIE6XWM177X->We got the 17&#34; Dell Inspiron.  The touchpad is a nightmare.  Ugh.  After days and days of struggling, I also sent back this same model for the same reason.  Lost I don't know how many hours installing, fighting with this, and then uninstalling everything.  Thanks a lot, Dell.
RCCMOUPQ6JQNX->behold the awesome Dell Inspiron i5748-6428sLV 17.3-Inch Laptop; now go buy one.  Needed a spare NB to run some sound equipment so I bought this as a refurb and it looked like new; works well with no issues found.  Saved hundreds of dollars this way.
R2E6Q38EH4HM4J->it is what I wanted but the touch pad doesn't work but I don't like touch pads anyway, the a/c adaptor had to be replace after 4 months
R1RFU7KGNPGWYE->Not what I expected at this price point.  I upgraded from a four year old Toshiba that cost me around $300. This isn't much faster and the touch pad has been problematic from Day 1. A left click registers as a right click about 90% of the time. I definitely wouldn't order this laptop again. If I hadn't already spent so much time installing software, I probably would have returned it. This will be my last Dell.
RTR9J0ODNIO8J->The Dell Inspiron i5748-1143sLV 17.3 Inch Laptop is a good but the window 8 is not user friendly it will take some time to learn and use it specially when you had been using window 7.
R3JYDAK60HLMJL->Very well built, a little big for my tastes, but this was for my wife and she loves it.
R3LKT2ZC49WRED->A lot slower than I expected
R1PPRU8JOTMI8L->Excelente
R22X06ASJ7WXM9->Don't like windows 8
R1AJ5N0F8HXCCN->Not a Ferrari, but for the price a very nice workhorse.  Screen feels BIG and I enjoy having the num pad to the right of the keyboard.
R157WB9XFK1QF8->Not Satisfied.  Hard to use. Have to stop typing now a Dell ad popped up in front of the message.
R1730AAUV9MXBD->It's all right as far as it goes, but the Windows 8.1 is NOT!  Not a fan but then I'm an old bastard ready for the boneyard.  A younger person who is more in tune with today might really like this.  The hardware seems to be fine and they've made the keyboard a little less prone to 'accidents'.  Really no such thing.  I something happens it is most likely due to someone making a mistake and it is the fault of the mistake maker.  I've got Vista on my other laptop and Win7 on my desktop. Not a fan of any but really enjoyed the XP version of Windows.
R3HLOD178YN28J->so far so good
RVSU6BF9IAHU6->I purchased this laptop 2 months ago , i use it mainly for editing and rendering videos , I must say I'm very  impressed with it , very fast no problems at all. If you would like to watch a video review of this laptop just click on the link or paste it into your browsers search bar. link: http://youtu.be/6Zh513x5H-s
R2MLWVAXO6H96E->I'm enjoying every product that I purchase so far from your company
R1U6WHJZXRM0W1->the fact that this has windows 8 makes it worthless.Windows 8 is the biggest piece of garbage that I have ever seen. My mistake in getting it
RX5F6QGG90ZQ2->DO NOT BUY DELL.  Their customer service is horrid.  After paying to have my laptop fixed, Dell ended up returning it to their warehouse instead of me.  Their solution was to provide me with a refurbished laptop.  My biggest concern to this was the fact that I had specifically asked for my hard drive not to be reformatted or a new operating system installed.  When I asked Farat Herman, Client Technical Support Specialist, why he could not track my laptop's location at the warehouse, his initial response was that it probably was re-issued to another customer.  However he had no work order or actual proof that it was not sent out with my personal information as well as confidential company information.  When I mentioned this, he then claimed it was probably tagged for destruction.  WHAT????  First it was sent to a customer and now it is tagged for destruction?!?!?!  He really had no idea what was happening with it and tried to placate me with any line he could think of.  In the end I finally said, fine send me a refurb laptop, but I want a refund since I did not get what I paid for since what I paid for was MY laptop back with all of MY information on it.  He said &#34;No, there is nothing else I can offer, and I speak on behalf of the President of Dell.  There is no one else that this issue can escalate to.&#34;  I can't tell you how frustrated and let down I feel from this company and their service.  Really disappointing and I don't recommend buying their products if you expect quality customer service.
R13B1ML01U7JRX->Great computer. Windows 8 Is different but I am really starting to enjoy it.
R1VY92LLWMHEY3->Very cheap build quality. Screen had noticeable &#34;screen door&#34; effect even at normal distances (vertical resolution is only 900dpi - much to small for a screen this size) and the touchpad is attached by some weak adhesive almost like 2 sided tape - it was peeling back right out of the box. Thankfully Amazon's amazing return policy let me return this child's toy.
R3QVDEJ2KH46VH->It was fine until the 90 day no refund policy was up. Then the key board stopped working Dell would not replace it they sent a tech out he worked on it for 4 hours. He said he needed to order some parts he said don't turn it on come to find out it would not turn on at all. Which before the tech worked on it at least you could use the touch screen. Key board after a month of back and fourth with dell finally received all the parts turned out to be more than the one original key board part the tech originally quoted long story short no help from the tech support. A  month with no computer...  finally tech guy comes back out and another 4 hours later it works for now. Don't buy this piece of crap!!
R31EVJ3PQMSQHO->Beware. Dell no longer stands behind their products.  Check out the many....many complaints on facebook about how Dell's customer service has gone downhill.  These complaints are on the Dell site itself, even though Dell removes them daily.  That doesn't include the numerous sites people have made to vent their anger.  If your laptop works okay, you may be fine, but if it has problems it is a $400 paperweight. don't expect Dell to fix it, even if you have a warranty.  I suppose they made sure they gave &#34;working products&#34; to the people who got free ones and gave reviews here.  I'm not saying anything against the reviewers.....but research Dell very carefully. They are no longer the company they used to be.
R225BGB68I5737->Good computer.
R310T528AGWQ9L->So far I have been delighted with this laptop.  It's lightweight for it's size.  The screen is gorgeous.  The design is sexy.  And the battery lasts a decent time.  I wasn't thrilled with the Windows 8.1 interface, however, until a techy friend of my told me about Classic Shell.  I much prefer loading to the desktop rather than the start menu splashed all over, so basically I have the look and feel of Windows 7 again. The keyboard is okay, but the touchpad leaves much to be desired.  It doesn't respond well to my touch, so I have to use the left click button to often.  My previous laptop was an Inspiron 1721 which has a better keyboard touch and a much less clunky touchpad.
R2MPMFCIQCB0VS->Currently experiencing problems
R2TB3YUX9OMED7->Pros: This laptop has a nice display, very quiet while running, nice quiet keypad and all the other good comments that others have already said. Cons (my experience): touchy mouse pad (left click, right click portion) and most importantly...this laptop is constantly losing its WiFi internet connection. Although it takes 5 seconds to correct this, it is still very annoying. Why would Dell sell something that has a obvious issue? This is 2014 and there is no reason for this! I've attempted updating the drivers from the Dell website with no luck. It's frustrating!
RK16Y7Y23KLRQ->Excellent
R1FOQRMDYHT37S->Pretty disappointed. First one returned.  Second one touch pad still not performing as I would expect. Only ok. I tolerate it - it got better with a separate mouse, but that defeats the object, right? Not keen on the keypad either. Slow, poor performance. Battery does not last long. I'd not buy a Dell again. My Toshiba is much better.
R2UJLSF49Q6PZS->Overall I would give it a satisfactory rating.  It does tend to drop the internet frequently, that was easily corrected by changing the settings.  The touch pad does not have the split selector so you have to often have to look to make sure you are clicking on the side you want.  The touch pad also makes a little too much noise for my taste.  The low profile keys take a little getting used to but it's not too bad.  The appearance of the screen is great but the sound quality leaves a little to be desired.  It is okay for movie watching for an individual person but if you are trying to show a DVD to a group, you can' t get the sound loud enough.  I wish it did not have Windows 8.1.  The operating system is difficult to use and everything is moved.  No longer can you click the start menu and find all your programs (the area where the start menu used to be takes you to the 8.1 desktop with all the apps).  The best way to find something in this OS is to use the search option...takes a little longer but it's less frustrating.  Not a bad computer just not the best Dell I have ever had.
R2UK6QVZ16EZHG->The touch pad renders this expensive computer a very bad buy.  The left click on the touch mouse bad broke on the second day of light use.  The touch pad otherwise only sometimes works, often freezing.  I have to alt-tab or right click to make the touch pad move the cursor around again.  Very frustrating from an expensive computer. Speed is good.
R30A5AH8E8IGLY->Great laptop for the price. It says what it does and does what it says, efficiently and pretty quickly.
R2AJIS9MNTDQUK->VERY happy!  I do photography on the road and the 8 gb memory and quick processor speed have significantly reduced my work time. The display is a very crisp HD and with the use of a calibrator, I have excellent true colors. Took a little time to adjust to the wider keyboard with number pad.  Comes with a DVD Read/Write.  Many of the newer laptops don't have them and you have to purchase a separate external unit. Does not come with Recovery Media but has Dell Recovery App so you can make your own.  Be sure to do it ASAP.  As others have mentioned, to use the F keys you need to also hit the Fn key.  There is a work around, but it isn't that important to me. Packaging for shipping was more than adequate and laptop was well protected.
R3UIWBZPN1RA7A->Purchased this laptop to stream video's, youtube, netflix, amazon prime, sports, movies, etc... to my 60" tv via hdmi hookup.  Was a little concerned at what minimum spec's it takes to do something like that reliably.  Did a lot of searching and ended up with zero information.  This laptop does everything I was hoping to do and it has a 17.3" screen as well.  Best of all the price was slightly better than any other place around.  After doing some self educating I decided that a Dell laptop was on my shortlist of brands I wanted to look into.  It all worked out great. 3 months later: Just thought I would give an update.  Laptop still performing excellent.  Boots up in about 20 seconds.  Shuts down very quick as well.  Still using this mainly a a streaming laptop and its done a fantastic job.  Windows 8 takes getting used to.  People make such a fuss about having the latest OS on there computers.  To me its just an OS and its the other softwares that I am concerned about.  A shame so many people gave this a 1 star simply because they didn't care for Windows 8.  Also I am using a TP-Link router and haven't had any issues with wireless connections.  Wireless can be finicky in homes due to range and walls and your wifi.  One final mention about price.  I did a lot of researching at all other laptops before finally settling on this one.  I shopped for about a month before buying this one based on screensize, processor speed, ram, hdmi output, hd size and wifi.  Granted this was 3 months ago now and I did exclude certain brand names known to be problematic.  This laptop was by far and away the best deal at the time as I saw it.  Still very happy and would recommend this one.
R12TLN9W7AO77T->Continually disconnects from internet saying “The default gateway is not available”, or “DNS Server not responding” but that same site will be accessible with my phone? There were other connection issues too, all related to internet. I got a lemon.
R1I0O52WVIFUAF->like it very much better than i expected
R1QC2IUTKPQ0E5->It was not good, wireless did not ork properly my connection was up & down I finally had to return this laptop today couldn't stand it any longer
