R3VP4TNPX36D2X->I have not been able to synchronized Windows 10 with I Cloud
R3VGJB6WZ6XYD0->Don't buy this computer!  My daughter bought it April first and the mother board is already dead!!!!
R2FLR36AZUJSRZ->Terrible laptop. Will break down easily. Camera does not work. If you don't believe me, then I invite you to google search the numerous complaints and lawsuits filed against Dell. Don't let yourself be scammed into buying this.
R18MU0PWUW263Y->For the money, this laptop feels sturdy, and has decent pep for the price. It has enough RAM and disk space to meet the needs of normal users, and has some impressive features like the touchscreen, backlit keyboard, i5 processor, and styling that eerily resembles a Macbook Pro. The unit comes with Windows 8.1 and I immediately, upgrade to Windows 10. Nothing about this laptop felt cheap although I'm not a huge fan of the color matched keyboard, but that's just personal preference. I purchased this product for a family member that has basic computer skills, but likes laptops. If I had the money on hand, this unit would have received an SSD upgrade right away, but I'll do that down the road and I know the performance will increase quite a bit. The resolution on most of the 15&#34; laptops that are reasonably affordable these days is 1368px, it would have been nicer to have some more real estate on the desktop, but this will be fine in this case. I would definitely recommend this laptop for the price.
RVMN65T70S3FB->Honestly, love this laptop. The keyboard is super comfortable, the touchpad is accurate, the touch screen is super effective, the overall speed and comfort is beyond satisfactory. The backlit keyboard is so cool, its a bit heavy but is a good replacement for your desktop and is simply a beauty in design. But why a two stars? Well this computer broke down three times since the second month of owning it. Dell finally fixed it well enough, but I'm always on the edge that it will break again and that I will have to keep sending it back to Dell. I'm worried it'll break again after my warranty ends and after that, it's going to be a waste.
Don't buy this laptop, especially from any amazon carrier. Dell Inspiron simply isn't worthy the hassle it has given me since summer.
Maybe I got unlucky, but I would'n't risk it either. Dell is infamous for their dud products and their terrible, long customer service. They wouldn't even place the product. Sigh. 2 star for breaking product, 5 star for the laptop itself.
R3OXN1JZJRAF1E->Good back to school items for my students
R3T4DJ32KBL7WR->You know the scene from Office Space where the guys finally get the chance to annihilate the fax machine?  I am SO eager for the day I can do that to my new Inspiron 13 7000 Series 2-in-1 notebook (model 7347), and get a non-Dell replacement.  I really wish I had done some homework before making this purchase, but I instead just waltzed into a Staples, picked one I liked and took it home.  You know, the old fashioned way.
This laptop is now 2 months old, and the issues began just 1 month after purchase.  For some background, it hasn’t left the house since I got it.  Never been put into a bag and transported, never had a coffee cup sitting on top of it, never been dropped, run over, flooded or thrown against a wall as it so rightfully deserves.  A month in, a vertical “ghost touch” would randomly begin on the right side of the screen, literally hi-jacking whatever I was working on.  Clicking ads, closing emails I was writing, opening applications, zooming, even restarting the computer.  Sometimes it won’t allow me to even use the mousepad to direct the cursor.  Thankfully, I haven’t been forced into buying something because of it, yet.  (knock on wood)  After taking the problem to the ‘net, I discovered this problem is not at all unique – IT IS A DESIGN FLAW.  The lid is just simply not ridged enough for this lightweight computer, so the touch screen gets pressed in simply by CLOSING THE LID.  Do you ever close the lid on your laptop?  Here’s a forum link where this is discussed, which includes a video where you can see it for yourself.  (http://en.community.dell.com/support-forums/laptop/f/3518/t/19607216)
I learned it can be temporarily remedied by gently flexing the screen by hand but, in my experience, it will return randomly.  (Another action that has helped for some to “put up” with this is to disable the touch screen.)  I called Staples to see what could be done.  Their 14 day return policy meant we’d be dealing with Dell directly, which has thus far been less productive than weekday DC traffic at 5pm.  I may be young, but the total lack of accountability I’ve seen from Dell leads me to believe that the company itself is likely of the same quality as this laptop.  Their one year warranty means that I could have the screen replaced – a solution to which I expressed my lack of confidence in, noting that others have taken this option to only have the issue persist upon its return.  They obviously don’t get it.  I truly don’t want to touch a Dell again, but offered that perhaps it could be exchanged for a more sturdy model?  No, that just isn’t how they do things.  In my frustration, I once asked “So you’re saying that you’ve screwed me out of $500?”  Silence.  Yep, that feels really good.
With a lack of other options, I’m going to try the whole “screen replacement” idea.  In fact, I think I’ll send it back every time it occurs for a new screen, so long as it is under warranty.  Everyone considering a purchase of Dell technology should be aware of this inadequate service and design, and I sincerely hope you will vote instead for much better with your hard-earned cash.
R29VD2WEIMBFXL->this laptop is amazing i love it
R30WZUU8GKFYPF->Great laptop. Fast, stylish, solid.
R28WADVVWOD1HC->Alright laptop, it's lasted me a few years. I got past the Windows 8 GUI and customized my interface a bit, making it similar to Windows 7.
RKGD6UIPD1Z7H->Love it so far! It's a bit on the heavy side but other than that it's a great laptop.
RS1LQOBW9NSV8->100% recommended
R1A44CQA2HGJIG->Computer failed after 6 months due to faulty screws in the rear of the chassis. Dell didn't honor the warranty. First laptop from dell... LAST laptop from Dell...
R34O9B7QDVABQF->This computer is great for the price. I have had it for almost a year now and it's great for what I need it for. I would have rated five stars, but unfortunately my hard drive crashed after three months of use. Dell replaced it for free, but after almost three weeks of not having a computer and dealing with the worst customer service I have ever dealt with
RZCBSKP7DM5N->Trying to figure out if it's Windows 10 or the computer....either way, I am not happy. 5 stars for delivery!
R25FPD0H4Y8WH5->This computer is very nice. It has a close look to the MacBook Pro but with an extra champered edges. Very nice touchscreen but with some glare. And this is the 720p version so it's the not clearest. Computer is fast and I have upgraded it to Windows 10.
R1XC5NG99FRCML->So far, so good.  Great price.  Fast delivery.
ROIONPDXCSP2J->very good computer, love the touch screen.
kind of heavy to travel, but perfect for home and desk uses!
R2GW0K962AQAO2->Display brightness was very low even at maximum level, display resolution is also pretty bad. Sorry Dell, had return it back
RZN258O2R2QTR->I loved how new it looked and amazing, but the processor was not the same as the features and description. The GHz was 1.7 and it was suppose to be 2.7, and this made me upset. I returned it and I hope the same mistake does not happen.&#34;Processor 2.7 GHz 8032&#34;
RYRLSR1SP1AZC->It came with everything in order!
R1X06LOCT6ID1T->Worst computer purchase I ever made. It hangs/freezes/crashes several times per week. Now when booting I get the message &#34;&#62;&#62;Start PXE over IPv4.&#34; I've spent more money on IT support for this machine than I paid for it in the first place. I would avoid this purchase at all cost.
R2DLRXNDME025S->I can only give 5 stars for delivery, the issue I have is a Dell issue, that the machine would not boot up, said I had no boot device installed, so I called Dell And they helped the best they could, So their was  2 choices, 1 send back to amazon, but by the time I box it up and get to FEDEX and wait to get another one back to me, I was better off with #2 waiting for the boot flash drive as well as all the apps and all the
programs So if anything happens down the road I have a boot flash to use.So I will write review once I am up and running, I will do another review, Did the over shipping and it got here in perfect condition,
R6TWIXVRFG1R4->Was so excited about this, read so many good reviews, and then only an hour after I turn it on, just exploring the apps and functions I am smacked in the face with nothing but a ton of pop up adds, of fake protection downloads and anti-virus programs which are obviously fake and disguised viruses. Still they keeping popping up, and I am very upset. Will be investigating further and will do all I can to get my money back for the virus infested computer that I have received.
RMV59U3SO94YQ->Great computer, light and useful
ROLL2E9NNSKW1->There is 2015 inspiron but I bought this because its unique design and I don't need higher specs for gaming.
It loos perfect to me when it's arrived and everything was ok until I figure what is wrong.
Looking, specs, price are all good as I expected but I will tell why im going to return this product.
1. Display ( screen)
It's HD display and I didn't expect too much things from it. I am not a picky or sensitive person but the display does not allow me to use it more than 30 mins because I feel like my eyes are burning.
The TN panel that used for this machine has some defects or maybe I got some defected one. The viewing angle is terrible ( way below than average) and white balance is awful. I felt something wrong when I use factory default and tried many things to adjust it.
I did calibration including color, contrast and so on, but nothing worked
I am a big fan of Dell since I was really satisfied my old Dell laptop. I bought it almost 5 years ago and the display was clear & crisp even if it;s old.
That  is why I bought this laptop since I trusted Dell. This laptop totally disappointed me even it has really nice looking.
Further more, AC-7260 WIFI module is really bad. It's very unreliable and many reviewers said it has problems. In my case? of course it didn't work.
Keeps D/C & can't even get wifi signal.
Overall, this machine has nice looking, reasonable specs at this price but you need to know it has really bad display ( I hope my laptop is something wrong) and WIFI doesn't work properly in my case.
R1IKCX6XFR9SJA->Grate this one is my forth one, for my son's and grand kits
R4O7023LKPN80->Very nice computer!
R11Z947JYG175M->very good!
RUOVVUAX304ZN->nice and slick!!! wish it had a CD Rom though
RZX2D7QRRJU24->Pros:
Excelent keyboard with backlight
Silent, boot very fast
Touchscreen is very accurate
Touchpad friendly
Cons:
Surface is prone to scratches
The wifi may have problems, you should be update drivers
No optical driver
The screen have a low DPI, is better a higher resolution, may be 1920*1080.
It's difficult to open the hinge is very hard
Windows 8.1 is anything SO but not Windows.
R2GE9THYT6K29->The only negative that I found after buying it was that it doesn't come with a CD drive.
R2UP43NSVKB2BU->This was my first laptop, a 2014 Christmas Gift.
All around, it's a good, high-quality laptop especially if you're a student. I wanted it for Digital Art programs like Gimp, Photoshop, and Paint Tool Sai and it works spectacularly. The big screen makes the view really easy and connecting a graphics tablet (I've only used Wacom and Huion so far) is no problem.
-Glitches
Occasionally, the cursor won't show up on the screen or when I click on something on the screen it'll only do a left mouse click instead of right. These are small things that can be fixed with restarting or shutting down the laptop, but it can get annoying.
-Battery Life
The battery life is pretty good. I can usually go about 7-8 hours of constant, heavy-duty use. I could type a paper while streaming Netflix and listening to it with Bluetooth headphones with the keyboard backlight on. The laptop can do this for a good 7 hours.
-Weight and size
It's a little heavy, especially with one-shoulder laptop bags. For travel, I would suggest either a backpack or a one-shoulder bag with a really good cushion. The size makes it a little awkward to sit in certain positions, but that's nothing to worry about.
.: Final Thoughts :.
If it were an option, this would 4.5/5 Stars. It's nearly perfect for what I use it for but being a teen, I like being able to travel and move with it but it's a tad bit tedious and the glitches leave you feeling a little impatient.
RG9OCJWPL1HWT->Update 8/7/2015: After 3 weeks of using the laptop, I am returning. I read lots of good reviews, may be I got a bad one.
Bought this laptop a week ago. Laptop looks good and sturdy. Touch screen is responsive. But the processor is not great. It takes 4-5 seconds to open a website. Gets hot when playing video. Forget about games, even when more than 5 browsers were open the CPU hits over 98%
R3LI641SIU5JOI->So far, so, so good. We'll see after my niece spends more time with it as she departs for college and really puts it work.
R2QJN24ALV77OO->This computer has been more problems than it's worth. The WiFi quits working randomly so I have to restart the computer several times a day the mouse pad freezes several times a day and it takes 10-30 seconds to unfreeze. I spent extra on this to get the upgraded RAM and it's worse than the cheapo I got from Sams Club. Wouldn't buy it again!
R13WDUGELDUGBO->Greatest laptop I have ever had, has great battery life and very quick and responsive. The touch screen is awesome
R1L8TH66TVB7NU->Maybe I got a bad machine but in the month I've had it the motherboard and keyboard both went out.  As for the design and functionality I love it but reliability has been a concern and dell support has been questionable.
R1BG6U8NDFXABQ->Very fast and with lots of nice features. I love this computer! It ranks in the top 17% in Benchmark speed compared to computers world wide. The lighted keyboard is very useful and attractive.
R1FRIATJDX7FCM->I love it, And the shipping super fast!
RFYSU3Y5J6AVL->This computer is basically a Mac Pro/ Windows Dell version, just a little bit better. The aluminium body is strong and beautiful. I carry it around with no case and it still (it's a 3 month old computer now) doesn't have any knacks or scratches. I purchased the Intel Core i5 with 6 GB of RAM and this computer works flawlessly, no delays, no lag. It's perfect computer for work, if you don't mind the weight (about 5LBs). My only complain is the Wi-Fi, it's quite unstable, even with great connection. However, I strongly believe this is a Windows 8.1 issue, I installed Windows 10 on it and the Wi-Fi issue improved a lot. Oh, also, the screen is okay, not super HD nor super high resolution, but it's a nice screen and the touchscreen is very responsive, almost compared to an iPhone 5+
R3NZXAU8ZEETJD->Numlock doesn't have any on/off indicator.
R2VYLRL5VLR9MB->The Dell Premium Tech Support is heads and shoulders above the rest.  I have two Dells now, the newest being a laptop and the other an all in one PC.  I could not believe how far tech support has gone for me - even calling me back to see if everything worked out for me.  Now just make sure that you have the full first year Premium Tech Support - I found out that mine came with only 90 days and it took some talking and they agreed to a full year.  Then when I found out how good the tech support was I purchased an additional 3 years.  Now personally I do not care for Windows 8 nor will I have anything to do with McAfee.  My Dell Tech support ran Super Anti Spyware Free edition of course and Hit Man Pro again free version when I was hit hard with viruses or what ever.  Now I run at lease one of these daily and haven't had any problems since.
R1ZASF0EXNIIKU->This notebook is everything that I wanted. Dell did a fantastic job designing this notebook. Well worth the buy for what you actually get. I can't find a thing that really turned me off from the device.
The machine itself is aesthetically beautiful. Puts you in the mind of a Macbook, which I dont mind at all.
It does have a numpad which I do not mind, but I almost never us it, and do find myself hitting the numlock button often as it is right beside the backspace button.
The system is crisp and speedy. The startup is fast and quick, which is always a plus.
I do HIGHLY recommend that you get an SSD. Do yourself a favor and just get one. Hard drives are great, but and SSD will make it more notebook like in my opinion. Installing an SSD is simple and incredibly easy on this notebook, which I absolutely love. Make sure you clone the notebook first. Samsung's migration software is a keeper, but only works on Samsung SSD's. Just power off  the notebook and unscrew the bottom panel and be careful not break any of the clamps. Once your inside, unscrew the HD, then just unplug the 2.5 HD, and plug in your SSD.
After that, screw your notebook back together and BAM! You are ready to rock and roll.
4 USB (3.0), 1 SD Slot, 1 HDMI, 1 Ethernet, 1 3.5 jack. You can use an external mouse to wake your notebook. You have to change the setting inside the bios. 1080p Display, Touch Display (If you are into that, Not very intuitive and I despise fingerprints.
Fans are at the bottom. So be careful not to clog the vents. Speakers at the front. Crisp and clear sound. There is no lip to easily open the notebook, but it will open without flopping up.
Lastly, Back-light keyboard. Always a plus for those that travel. I paid 630 for this notebook, used (Amazon Warehouse Deal). No scratches. Only notebook and charger came.
If you are need of a new notebook, then I recommend you give this a try. No regrets.
R12XR6FN531GLO->its good but its not so fast.
R3DF9D1PCWR4IU->Great computer love touchscreen and the overall design
R3OI96HQB67IOR->very heavy
Keyboard is not aligned with mouse pad
Very awkward
R2BU1M8SL71E7T->Very pleased with this pc
R236TA33ART3X->Laptop is horrible. Look into an Asus. Go on Bestbuy or something.
R8831L1TDRLWM->Not much to say, but I'm impressed with the touch screen and RAM capacity. It boots up quickly, and makes me really want to learn this newfangled Windows 8 thing.
If anything, my least favorite part is the standard OS, but that's not a hardware problem.
R10NRAABUIBMPJ->I Purchased this laptop like 4 weeks ago. It was working fine but all the sudden, the keyboard became unresponsive at all. When I restarted the machine, it works again but this has repeated many times and I don't know how to solve this problem.
R2YFNDTQFNM2O6->Great affordable laptop with top notch components.Great for everyday tasks
R28SOHAHP8FA0Q->Good
R16YDAG1E55RZL->excelent computer
R3BM2W4IOXG7F7->fast delivery and great price
R26G17D1UY5826->My favorite laptop ever!
R16D5D4HATOQMX->Good One. Nice Touch pad.
R1E2OF7FD8BQ7J->It's everything I expected in a laptop except for the weight it's a bit on the heavy side and may not be fun to log around. But I bought this system for my wife and she loves it. With 6GB of ram it's quite fast and the touch screen option is also great. I love Dell products. Hope this helps someone who may want to purchase. Oh excellent delivery rate by Amazon. I gave this 4 stars only on account of the weight. Otherwise It's a great buy.
R2ISEAIYXBT2TB->Excellent computer.
R14MMHHJGZ14VT->Excellent delivery as promised.  Great price.  Great laptop.
R4YG2UE510JX6->Nice laptop, kinda heavy, but for me doesnt matter, only defect, is that my speakers are not working well. one of them doesnt work at all
R23B1FIQ6AHBF5->excellent product and seller
R3VBKVM691F73A->The CMOS battery was not in place. The latop started beeping over and over again.
R324JC41OPDS5X->It's a nice computer but there are some key annoying things about it:
1. The touchpad has a chromed edge with a 45degree chamfer which, if the sun is shining, will cast a very annoying glare straight into your eyes. It is incredible how a computer manufacturer with 20 year or so in the making can come up with such a design flaw. I had to use tape to cover the edge and get rid of the reflections. Not what you would expect 2015.
2. The high resolution screen is so clear that you will see yourself in it, all the time. Just like a mirror.
3. The fan is going on and off, especially when running web browsers with video / flash content. This can be very annoying in the long run.
Theses are my three major issue with the computer. The rest of it delivers sound quality.
R3LHN8S4ZM84JR->A lot of computer for the price.
RLOIDPRS23STB->I did not receive a manual nor a User DVD with the computer.
R38RLV8EBVTMBP->Delivered defective laptop and not started. Requested to replace another one.
RLFEN5EUO6SNP->Great laptop but I sent it back because I thought it was a 360 rotation convertible tablet. Apperently only the 13 inch Inspiron comes with that feature available.
R38DJ0LGNTJVNF->Its a pretty good computer honestly not the fastest or best looking screen but it will be good for anyone. its a little bit above average in terms of performance and that's me being generous its a little on the heavy side so watch for that other than that its a good computer for games on medium to low setting other than that its fast opens up applications in second doesn't freeze or hangs really pleasant computer. Also windows 8 goes way better with the touchscreen display and the backlit keyboard is a major plus
RER2PRWCXZJGH->This laptop is absolutely amazing! The packaging was excellent and the laptop itself was excellently built. Aluminium chasis on the laptop makes it look very attractive and the touch screen is extremely responsive. I highly recommend this laptop to every and anyone!
RSHUGG4JFN1JF->I love the quality look and feel of the laptop. The delivery was fast and ahead of schedule. I'm still getting used to Windows 8.1 and its quirks. It has long battery life (5-6hrs per charge) Great product overall and very happy with my purchase.
RLBF1VOQ9EAM1->Wow this is a sharp looking laptop. The silver is a  very nice alternative to black.  The keys work smoothly and  are easy to read .I really love the lighted keyboard and its cool  that you can have the keyboard lit up or turn it off. I usually don't need to look at the keyboard when typing but it sure is handy to have it backlit. This is my first touch screen laptop so I was surprised  to find out that there is a touch screen keyboard feature. I read several reviews about this unit and that's what helped me decide to buy this one.  This is my second Dell and I'm sold on their products.
R3DVMWXUD5LAI1->Perfectly competent home use computer if budget is any concern. The screen resolution is ok, not standard HD or anything like that. The touchscreen is responsive, and I would say that is a must for using the tablet-esque Windows 8.1 layout. The computer is pretty responsive in terms of performance, a 2.7 GHZ max i-5 processor is pretty solid. This is a high-end Inspiron, it flirts the line between a budget computer (like the Inspiron 5000 series, which is made of lots of plastic ) and the premium laptops like the XPS. I do appreciate the aluminum lower body, though the plastic bezel definitely detracts from the feeling.
Don't quite expect an XPS or Macbook Pro performance either; 6 gigs RAM is ok, but 8 gigs is becoming standard for people who like their computers speedy, or rely on that system for all computing needs. The Inspiron models don't have the solid state drives either; you get a slower 1 TB hard drive. Size over modern speed.
Speakers are standard fair, meaning they don't sound very good if you are a music fan. The keyboard is nicely spaced, but I could use a little more snap in the keys; I sometimes typo because I don't mash the button down as much as I needed to. The computer isn't as fast at booting up from rest as its more premium brothers either.
All in all, the Dell Inspiron 15 inch 7000 is perfectly good, as long as you aren't looking for a premium speed demon for a computer. Buy it mostly for simpler home computing, but if you're a college student majoring in the sciences or media, or a business person valuing efficiency, then you may want to shell out a bit more.
RL6L2JLG7YYME->Until now I'm satisfied, is a good machine, fast and I don't have problem yet. Duration of battery is good, more than 8 hours working without problem. The touchscreen system I love it.
RMB8PJ3KJWB7H->
R3I8I15K87J3UW->Very good laptop but dull screen
R12YTA4INJLPFW->Not much gud to carry
R3GU2JM54WENDF->The d esign of lap was awesome but i returned this lappy within 15 minutes i recieved it.
Keyboard and touchpad did not work at all.. I ordered an other piece so letz c wt quality amazon delivers this time
R35G7Y8B0HGDA5->I am irritated that I was shipped a new computer from K and J office and it has had to be reset by Dell twice and still is slow and defective. I am stuck in a nursing facility and now have to figure out a way to mail for a refund that takes three weeks...also I am out a laptop. I am pissed that the quality of product shipped was below normal amazon standards. Even the Dell guy was like your computer is slow.
R7TPG3RG25LUQ->The most awful laptop I have ever used.  Slow to boot, hangs all the time, and now it's just died not even 6 months after I bought it.  Total crap.
R3HOZ7NOT6NJ53->would you recommend this laptop for djing/ producing? it seems to meet all my requirments for hard drive space & RAM but I need something with atleast 2.5ghz of processor. Cant seem to find the actual processor speed only provides what it goes &#34;up to&#34; which I find very tacky there tricking people saying that is their real processor speed. Thanks for the help.
R3DCSOYJ3NZPAK->I love it
R7OXR4XYDASW6->Everthing is great but the monitor, it's resolution is not so good. I can't use it to edit photos or video.
R3748FQNIE6UBH->It works, it is all as described.  Check to see if your printer is compatible with Windows 8, mine is not.  The touchpad is a bit wonky; when I lift my finger to tap after moving to the target on the screen, it jumps down off the target and I need to readjust before tapping.  Not sure if it is me or the touchpad.  The battery life is good.  It seems to be a great value.  Touch screen is fun, it works well with Windows 8 but Windows takes getting used to.  I would probably buy it again.
RSY1GC4U2ZZSF->Arrived on time, love learning to use my new Dell laptop after much deliberation between this and the fully flippable Asus. So far, very happy with my decision!
RLTCNMP4NGAC2->Great Laptop
RRBYQIOT8DMO8->Good
R1EZY8W7JR51LX->I liked the laptop. It has a touch screen which is responsive . It look and feel is awesome. The only con is that it does not with a CD/DVD drive. I did not read it while ordering the lap top. My mistake.
ROAY81MHW512N->Pulling the laptop out of the box and you first notice the beautiful aluminum finish. The laptop is fairly heavy for me however I wont want to have to travel with it a lot because of the weight. I got the 6gb RAM on it and upgraded it to a 16gb RAM before I powered it up for the first time. I will be using mine most for photographs. I use Adobe Lightroom and Element 12 and definitely need something fast.  So far so good. The touch screen is very nice and the gorilla glass makes viewing very nice. I have just used the system for a while. Hopefully I will be able to say more after a while
R3ZO24CDJJQH4->Everything is good.. but the processor which is mentioned in the product description is not correct.
Actully, it is 4th Gen i5 1.7 Ghz (but it is showing 2.7 Ghz in Product description)
RA299E9CFEYL0->Very fine !
R3UZZFC90CAXYB->Got it in a prettty timely fasion.....Geeked to get it.Beautiful piece of equement!
Seems to work wonderful,Jus a learning curve with the new operating system....
Thank god i got the touch screen.Like everyone states windows 8 NEEDS touch screen.
Waiting for a new faster home internet service this sat to see how fast it is then....
Ok have had it several months and its got issues telling me I NEED th einstall disck??
Doesn't come with one all self loaded internally..think im screwed?
Not happy
RB3SBDHL6MBRN->Item as promised quickly shipped.  My college bound almost high school graduate loves it.
R13GP6X2SCWIH8->I love this laptop is very smooth and really beautiful, I use linux and doing very well. I recommend it.
R1QDJEN9YQCQPO->Overall, I like this laptop. It's a beautiful laptop, quite sturdy. I am a bit upset that there is no disc drive, so now I will need to buy a USB disc reader. I have had some problems with the keypad so far. It gets stuck or lags. I haven't figured out if it is due to me being unfamiliar with it, of if it is really an issue with the laptop itself. It's pretty speedy, but not necessarily the fastest. It runs about as well, if only slightly better, as my old Sony laptop did, which was almost six years old. I will only use the laptop for school, and the occasional media. I wouldn't use or recommend it for gaming, however. I definitely feel the price is perhaps a bit much for what you get, but oh well.
R3FAFVX52RXMHX->It arrived on time as promised. Great price. I had priced it at Best buy first. Very good computer so far only had for a week and got it for 11 year old. He loves it...he's happy so I'm happy!
R2L4CQLUNKAW91->This is a fantastic device. It may not be 1080p, but I don't need that kind of resolution for a laptop. Oh, and having a touch-screen is a definite plus :) I only take one star off due to its &#34;picky&#34; viewing angles.  To get the best out of your display, you'll have to have the screen facing you directly.  Good luck if you want to watch a movie with friends on either side of you, as they will only see really washed out colors or an image that's too dark. Take note that even for a 15.6&#34;, this laptop is hefty due to the fact that it's made of aluminum.  It might be a bit heavy for some, but it's negligible in my case.
From pressing the power button to navigating the desktop, you're up and running in less than 30 seconds.  I might consider upgrading to an SSD in the future to further to shave off 20 more seconds.  This thing is speedy nonetheless! The integrated intel HD 4400 GPU is good for most last-gen things,  I can run games like &#34;Life is Strange&#34;, &#34;Battlefield 4&#34;, and &#34;Titanfall&#34; on Low or Medium with 20-30fps.  On similar settings, this laptop can run things like CS:GO anywhere between 55-75fps average.  That's all I've tried on this machine at the time of this review.
[Will update later...]
RYNRDJLTDY411->good quality good price
R15HU7SZX1L3Z4->I've had my new laptop for about a month. I haven't had any issues with it. Windows 8.1 has been easy to get used to. I highly recommend this Dell laptop.
R1A4AGQ1EX5MWI->Very nice laptop with price and appropriate properties for general purpose
