RABESUNQTSJ2F->Super nice computer.  I went from my 5 year old HP dv6-1245dx laptop to this.  It's so fast to start up and just run daily tasks.  I haven't used it with multimedia stuff yet but I'm sure it will be much nicer than my old laptop.  I love the matte finish that is all around (minus the screen).  I mainly got it because it is intel core i5, I like the touchpad feel, it got great reviews here, and I decided to go with a Dell laptop for the first time in my life as it was rated 2nd as top 10 laptop brands by laptopmag (after Apple which I can't afford).
A few minor things I don't like but is not a big deal, hence not enough to take away a star. The left touchpad button has to be pressed in a particular spot to catch the click.  This isn't a huge deal because I usually use my wireless mouse.  The second con I don't like is it is hard to open up the lid because there's not a big enough gap between the base and the lid nor is there some kind of like switch to flip the lid open...and the lid is quite heavy.  But not a biggie to me.
I've had it for about a week now.  I immediately upgraded to Windows 10 as it was free and I like the interface better than Windows 8 and the laptop runs great on it.  It also doesn't get nearly as warm as my HP laptop did.
R1YTI3VUQGEAAB->Simply Superb. I Find my works going easier with this touch sensing.
RBYUB3BW9RNCC->Bought this for my daughter and she LOVES it.  Touch screen is great.  Processing speed isn't up to par as my XPS M1330, but it is adequate.
R3V9RST3LJEIU4->I don't write as many reviews as I should, especially considering how often I rely on them. However I think it's important for anyone considering this laptop to know a few things:
1 - The included wireless network adapter card (Intel Dual Band AC-3160) gets sub-par reception.  I wondered why I would get intermittent &#34;error&#34; messages when trying to connect to webpages (it seemed to drop connections), especially since I'd use my smartphone in the same location and get consistent connections and much quicker downloads.  After getting fed up with it, I downloaded a network monitor program to help me troubleshoot what was going on.  It seemed the reception I was getting from the router was very poor, and when I picked it up off the desk it would immediately improve.  The closer I got to the router, the better the signal (to be expected), but it was troubling to think it was getting terrible reception until I picked it up 3&#34; above the desk.  I then put the same program on my old Toshiba and sat it right next to it on the desk, and my old laptop got consistently better reception (with no dropouts I might add, just like my smartphone).  No matter where I moved them, my old Toshiba got better & more consistent reception.  After doing a lot of research, it seems there are a lot of issues with this wireless adapter (many of which were reported in this computer).  I suspect many people don't notice or report simply because their connections are stronger than mine, but I promise you if you dig into this you'll see many comments about the poor reception and other related issues with this wireless adapter.  Therefore unless your close to your router, you might experience frustration.
2 - The trackpad design is terrible.  With no tactile division between right and left click, you'll commonly click the one you don't want.  Maybe it's that I cam from a laptop (Toshiba Satellite A50) that had separate buttons for each, but I can't get used to this and it pretty much forces you to use an external mouse (which is not a convenient option when using it...on your lap).
3 - The laptop is difficult to open.  This may seem like a small quibble, but I've had laptops that developed cracks in the hinge casing after years of opening up, so I tend to be ginger when opening the computer.  Since the hinge tension is so tight, I find myself struggling to find anything to grasp on to when opening.  I frequently hear creaks in the housing when opening and it just worries me that it'll have issues down the road.
4 - The keyboard frequently fails to register keystrokes...again, another issue you'll find more about if you research.  You can never tell if it's a function of the keyboard, or it's just because it's different than the last keyboard you used, but it is problematic for me.
I'm glad I waited after an extended period (4 months) to learn before writing this review, because my initial review would have been quite good.  It's an attractive laptop at a good price, from a name you would think you could trust.  Hopefully understanding my experience will help some of you to notice these things before your return period is over so you don't have to go through Dell warranty support and be without a computer while it's being fixed.  Good luck!
R17TDUTHXW0KOK->Great computer, runs very well. The touchscreen works beautiful. It is a quite heavy but, the user I bought it for wanted a large screen. Thanks God I don't have to travel all over the world with it in my backpack.
R1RDKCITQJU45L->I bought this computer, at this point, to search for a job.  It has worked well, however, I do get a webpage that pops up once in while that locks me out of the internet so I have to shut it down.  Which is a huge pain.  But I don't believe this has anything to do with the laptop, it pops up through Google Chrome.  I almost bought a Toshiba, but saw this Dell, and for about $20 more, included several more nice features, like a back-lit keyboard.
RTQ0MPFUZBAVE->Excelente AAA+
R2HCO6VDC7C8MY->Very sticky space bar.  Called Dell for assistance.  They wanted me to return to service center for repair.  I use my pc for my job.  Can't be without it for 10 days!  Very disappointing. Otherwise, great PC.
ROXJ12RXUFC8L->Using it to write this review. It is a bit heavy but the screen, mouse and overall system works great. And this laptop did not come with any pre-installed programs like security, so it is very fast.
R1UXO4P65GB79G->User friendly!
R1HCWIXXUM7HLP->It is totaly different from what I'm used to,but fun learning about it,
RKPYLDGR6BNPB->Nice Product with Quality !!!
Thanks Amazon...
R33O4HL8B8YT31->excellent
RDHS9JWNM09SK->Good one,. No issues at all. Price and performance is better.
R1CZL0ZSE5XHH8->Very Good laptop. No issues at all. Price and performance works better
R1K0H8X38CDKG5->I bought this product for my friend using my account So far i meet him almost every day and have not received any complain about it.
That means it is working good although i just set up the laptop for him and gave it to him. During that time i used for while so i can say
like this worth buying it.
R2OSXMTB1PB2QV->I purchased this computer to replace the dinosaur of a laptop I was working with from 7 or 8 years ago.  This computer works great for everything I need it to do - work, school, and photography.  It is very light and easy to carry around (especially in comparison to the heavy monster of a laptop I used to have).  I am not a tech person so I can't give the specs on why I like, I just know it does what I need it to do when I need it to do it.  :)
RSVMQHZ5P2R4Z->Very Good, as described.
R3CN9MTZLW8WP4->I am quite satisfied with the product.
R56XKXD73L2JY->The design is good and I was satisfied at first. But the battery life is just 4hours or less than; actually, the battery have to last more than 6hours. I called customer servies center, they said it is usual the battery last 4hours. So I believed it. But i found out what they told me is not ture. So I called them again and they said they will call me back soon. But they never called me back, i was so mad that i decided i will return it. They cheated me.
R2HU0THUBBJ72I->Great Laptop for the price..
R3945B3P37ZNKF->Have been using this laptop for 4 months and am absolutely satisfied. i5 processor is fast and with 1TB of hard drive memory there is more than enough space to save photos and documents . The longest I have used the laptop continuously is for about 8 hours. I usually use the laptop for 4 to 5 hours for researching and writing papers; the laptop does not heat up during 4-8 hours of usage. A fully charged battery lasts me for about 5 hours. Dell customer service is also very good. I chatted with and called them to resolve a few issues. I was able to connect to a technician very quickly and they helped me answer my questions.
R2DCTGLXW6G4TF->Great laptop. Fast. Back lite in keyboard was a plus.
R2GYCCY3UDILHD->Freaking Terrible, Returned it the day I got it.
R20UI3VCSQY2X6->Very good laptop, mouse pad a tiny bit quirky but not bad. Went to a wireless mouse and like it better and definitely like the touch screen for some functions.  Seems pretty well put together.
R1T8JSHD5SXS9B->ultimate
R2KGVSBBCEMV86->It stopped functioning(It won't start) after 1 month 2 days from my purchase date .Now when I try to replace it I got a message that it is no more qualified for return it has expired 2 days before.I contacted Dell they told that they'll be sending a technician his service charge it self will be 108$.Go for regular versions but not signature edition .
R2HMIXR8IRMHT7->Great Price for the computer
R2JMNUJRJZ0ORP->Good computer at a decent price.
R2Q21JLQEQICYR->the laptop is very slim and nice
R2P4TR60YYQRI9->Excellent product
R2RV0V2ZNMB4ON->This really nice laptop, touch screen working properly, it is very slim and lightweight. The only bad thing I noticed is that muse pad sometimes not working properly. It seems to be too much sensitive . However delivery was great.
 Good product, good price. Thank you.!.
R1W9DCA5AN4N1I->This is great.
Screen resolution could have been better.
R3G67TEZ54TR6W->Love my Dell Inspiron! Had an internal problem with the first one and sent it back for a refund. I since purchased a new one. Love the back-lit keyboard and photo &#34;password&#34; features.
Just two less enthusiastic shortcomings: #1. Windows 8.1 is much more awkward to use, compared to Win 7. Still have difficulty in transferring programs from old computer to new. Very disappointing.  #2. This Inspiron model doesn't have a DVD (which I previously knew). Purchased an external DVD but unable to run any movies or install new programs yet. Still tracking down the solution. Can't fault Dell though.
R1IXXJWJ3T1G0F->Great laptop, actually gave it to my mom for Christmas. Keep in mind the canvas of the computer is a textured, not smooth like some PC's, however, it's a great computer. I love how big it is and fast. I ended up ordering one just like it but with a silver canvas and smoother finish for myself. Both are excellent!
R2FHYEZ1J26RYV->The laptop is working good
R1MKWL7FV4XPL8->Amazing laptop for the price. I had to mess around with the software because one time it shut down before the updates were complete, and it rendered the keyboard and software useless for a while. I called Dell and all they kept saying was to turn it off and back on, then they finally said send it in for repairs when it was only 24 hours old! I just googled the problems I was having and fixed it on my own without needing a replacement (10-14 days from Dell) or send it in for repairs (7-10 days from Dell). I give the laptop a 5 star rating and Dell a 1 star rating on their useless tech support. The laptop has decent battery life of around 4 hours mixed use and it's very slim, and it doesn't even feel around 6 pounds while carrying it, only when lifting it. I can play Garry's Mod and Team Fortress 2 on medium to high settings and Planet side 2 on low settings. Decent graphics for an Intel integrated chip! Oh, and the touchscreen is wonderful.
Just make sure to always let windows update finish COMPLETELY before letting it shut down, then you won't have to waste 4 hours of your life on the phone with Dell.
R39FPMOP5H08O7->everything ok
R1PTS5AOZ7ZKR7->I really liked this laptop. It has everything one needs for a reasonable price. Seller has sold a very good item at a reasonable price Amazon delivered in record time.
R2J36FLWGGVCND->Great Laptop!!! Great Seller!!!
R156IYR94P5G5Z->Awesome Computer but I am disappointed about the battery life, It was advertised to last 12hrs. I found it lasted 4hrs 15mins only, I dont play game on my PC, Just to browse internet and check my email. The sound is not even loud all, Too bad. :-c
R3AM3YJGYMPASX->Awesome computer
R2E9YBM7S385LQ->Awesome computer.
RHNRSQRKZWIK9->Right out of the box the touch screen didn't work. Called Dell Tech Support and they couldn't help. Said I need to send in for repair. I opted to return for refund. Once a lemon always a lemon. Thumbs up to Amazon for their great return policy.
R1Z4RUX4RII60P->Battery life is not upto the mark...  gives you max 5 hours...
R3CAKKET6DZROX->Great laptop! Touchscreen+ i5 processor + 8GB memory+1TB HDD @ this price is solid.
The keyborad is awesome. Screen is also pretty good!
