RUXJ1O1PWSO6C->My son loves this
R3ALO34C4W2GMY->Moves slower than I expected  but overall for the price I could not beat it
R1Q23C4X36999H->Hardware is good. Keyboard is too big and difficult to maneuver.
R3GXMJXUFS346O->awesome deal.
R3EBGNPGEV3GQN->deliver very fast!!! It's work perfect!!!
RSRBVIEVK57X3->Daughter loves it - very pleased
R2IB0P810YU77U->Perfect
R28K61A39GA6VE->Fantastic product. Arrived early. Zero complaints. Would recommend to anyone.
R3O0I5SE236COE->Awesome, a great work tool for me and it is light to carry on a backback.
R3TTKI1BXC7455->Good product. Timely delivery.
R24GY91SRV5XRB->its good  i like it
R1AYIU6PE9BMDN->Very good product.
R1L44RUU0D0QVD->good working machine
R3W2SJBX3HD3BF->Great little laptop for the average user. Only complaints are the TouchPad which can be a bit quirky at times, and the frame/screen are pretty flexible so don't accidently sit on it.
R171S0NZLYGV7K->meh. decent for low end model and good for web browsing BUT mouse pad is horribly calibrated and wastes critical amounts of time and interrupts efficiency when using office/word etc. buy an external mouse!
RDMAF6M3S5PP6->Computer is working well.  It is light weight and lots of memory storage.  Have deleted a lot of junkie programs that came with Dell and Windows and then added what I want.  Considering adding more RAM but so far it is working well with the 4 meg.
R2H4O4PTMZ8TZX->I like how it's touch screen, it big, it's okay but not the best. The audio is not good at all. The video quality is good tho. Although I feel like it catches viruses way too easily.
R1LJU5LWYQ9YEM->A pretty garbage computer. Do not waste your money on this.
R2O7TTNLFM41O0->Ok except no vga connector
R1L0W8ZLWY2BIB->Excellent
R3KGAJGPAXZKTF->Very good laptop
RIP2XKAYMFR17->this laptop is very slow. performance wise...some times mouse don't work and sometimes touch creates lot of issue. dam slow system.
R1WBMDRLU16LCF->Thank you
R1WCLXCE8T3YWM->Somewhat slower than expected for our basic computing uses, but ok. Good value. Fun to use, with both the touch screen and mouse functions. Besides, we use our tablets and phones for all most of our needs, will only have to replace this laptop with another one down the road, when it becomes obsolete.
R1KH7ZRUXRR88M->researched byers guide for laptops and found dell at no 3 on list. do not have to spend a absorbent amount of money for a good laptop. very impressed with performance. use at home only and new to windows 8
RCW60BHBWP0X7->Received on time and works as described. The only problem I have had is that sometimes my cursor will completely disappear and the computer has to be rebooted to restore the icon.  Is there a fix for this? Thanks.
R38C7HXT7GWRVX->I love this laptop . I just want ask you about where I can find product key for Microsoft office?
R1Z9UHOWU66J3->brand new and in perfect state
RGAU1SROH1HIE->excellent
RAJXP90DXNEQV->This computer is just ok. That is how my sixteen year old describes it. She doesn't really like it and would rather have something else.
R3H08GR331T7D9->This computer was exactly what I was looking for! I wish it had more memory, but I'm glad to sacrifice that for the price and the touch screen (don't use it now, but might later). I am able to play Minecraft successfully and to keep all programs I need. I am very happy with this purchase.
RBEC5JHBUC1XK->I was looking for a cheap laptop as I began grad school online. I just needed it to run Microsoft word and connect to the internet. This computer is unbelievably slow. It has issues trying to open things constantly and freezes more than it works. Very frustrated. Update: I barely use this laptop because of slow and poorly it functions. I turned it on today and it has taken over 30 minutes of it loading saying &#34;Preparing to run Windows. Do not turn off computer.&#34; Just terrible
R2074VUS31OUK1->It's Ok. Not great.
R26HFG2SOH899Y->Good computer for basic needs and home use. Will update if things change.
R212HEOXXJQ6Z8->Very good!
R25LP7Z379YWHO->I bought this for my grandson who is going to college this year. We think everything will be fine.
R35DVMC7TSGQBW->Great deal!!! It is working perfect.
R2FPOQX0E2Q3Y6->I only had this laptop for 10 days. TEN DAYS. When I received it. I fell in love. Ignoring the stupid Windows 8&#34;Apps&#34; and MacAfee?? However after 10 Days it stopped working. Would randomly shut down. Restart. Freeze. Not respond. For a new laptop it was behaving like it was 3 years old. I was so disappointed. Amazon customer service was fast and refunded me as soon as I returned it.
R231OVO9ZKRNP3->Got this for my granddaugther and she just loves it!!  I love Dell, the best computer around!
RLF9C5U3SFBN3->This computer is absolutely terrible. I am constantly losing my internet connection a problem that has gotten progressively worse ( none of my other devices using the same router  have this issue tablet, phone, Roku box, other PC). I primarily use the computer for surfing the web and using Microsoft Office. I thought I could save a little money because my use is so light but that is not the case. Even writing this review is a pain in the butt because the keyboard doesn't respond to every key stroke, a problem I have never had with any other keyboard. I do not like giving bad reviews but this PC has earned it. Even if your use is light I would consider another product. I unfortunately gave this computer too long of a chance and can no longer return the item. If you purchase the product and have connection issues or a poor functioning keyboard do not wait return immediately it gets worse.
R1TTEUUTLBDTM3->I am SOOOOO disappointed. This computer is SOOOOO slow. My 5 year old Toshiba runs faster..and that is why I got a new laptop because it was so slow. Initially, I thought the slowness was because I was using programs for the first time and they were doing the initial load. But that's not the case. I am going to contact Dell or Amazon to see what my recourse is.
R1W69SVIRMCOLS->Good laptop for my dad. A little on the slower side but the interface n the screen is good enough. The body however doesnt feel sturdy and the material is is made of is rough plactic.
RL0EZSDZB3995->I did enjoy my laptop
R15DXUP4ZYPCV0->The Dell XPS Laptop is the WORST computer I've ever had. Less than one year of owning it & it freezes at least 1x/every day. The BSOD of death also shows up. There answer was to send it in to their depost and to replace the hardware and reinstall the operating system. All of my files were lost and I had to purchase programs again. Everything from microsoft office to photoshop. Less than 2 weeks after having the laptop back & reinstalling everything it has started freezing again. Dell says that since they fixed it once they say the case is closed. Worst customer service. I used to be a faithful dell customer but now I'm gone.
R3IO2F4O7T968L->An amazing computer, two thumbs up
R3QFCSD77BHPRC->very good
R5LHO77YS6FH2->it's really awesome
R2VFLN0Q377MKP->I love my new Dell! Meets all my expectations.
R3SZHA5A0I116Y->It is okay but not to my expectations. It is getting too slow while multiple windows are opened. It is sometimes getting hang and shutting off automatically if it is used for a longer time. I am confused.
RIV2BFBHOKB4B->Good computer for the price. I like the spacious keyboard and the addition of a numeric keyboard. One suggestion: Upgrade to 8MB RAM. Also iTech 80 (The seller) knows their business.
RK18SVTCVEHVM->Loving it so far. I'll be upgrading the memory but only because I'm used to using a desktop with 8 times the memory. Absolutely no regrets. It arrived on time and I great condition.
R2Q1WIYIM9JZ93->Oh god, wish I could return this without too much hassle. The 689***gb hard drive is great, if not for the fact that the laptop starts up slow, stays quite slow, and some of the applications do not even work. Also, what happened to picture previews? Like, you know when you double click on a picture and you expect to see a nice preview of it open up on your screen. Instead, there is an app for it that doesn't work! And sometimes when I am scrolling with my touchpad, out of completely nowhere, the mouse icon disappears and I have to use my touchscreen. Complicated when you have to use your fingers to click something small. It has only been a week since I have gotten this computer, but I'm pretty sure I will find some more problems in the long run. I've even found one today: my iphone takes 4-5 minutes of prolonged buzzing to sync to this laptop. Amazing, it doesn't like this laptop either.  --KT
R1OMUS353Q2I2D->I love this laptop, I really do there are some things you may want to know about it and how to overcome the bad ones. First of all is the weight, its almost 5.5 lbs (but you cant do anything about it) It has an optical drive, excellent addition in my opinion, it has bluetooth, hdmi out and a large hdd. They sell you this "Waves MaxxAudio 4 technology" but this laptop sound just like most out there. I use my bose soundlink mini and the sound is very pleasing, http://amzn.to/1H4o5Ip The screen is also just like any other laptop in quality terms, the plus is the touchscreen. very accurate. The limit for RAM is 8gb, so put that extra 4gb in your cart together with this laptop, here is the one i bought with the laptop http://amzn.to/1G7WrxV The biggest bottleneck, even though its very big, is its hdd, 750gb is a lot, but its slow at 5400 rpm, I got an external case (usb 3.0)for the included 750gb and grabbed the new 850 evo (the 250gb one) and it worked wonders for boot up times and the startup of the programs. http://amzn.to/1QKKKAs The processor is the same one used in more expensive laptops, so nothing to say about it. other peripherals are 1 usb 3.0, 2 usb 2.0. There is no reason to not get this laptop, buy it, you wont regret it.
R24HQHXXRDR7QB->Well Made!! I have used Dell for years, Past Compac, Sony, & Toscihba. You can't go wrong.  SW
RWW8KLKZ1RRYW->This is the first Dell I have owned and  have had it less than a week.  I am still learning where to find everything and how to do things with it, but I love this computer.  It is very fast and the touchscreen is wonderful.  I do like the TouchPad as well as it is not so sensitive that it does things when I don't want it to.  This computer has enough storage and speed for my needs.  I am one happy owner.  Did I mention that I am almost 65?
R2TMQ7GLL1IDF1->I've only had this for about a week but so far it's working fine.  It's taking some extra time to be able to type on the keyboard since it's moved further back on the unit and also to the left from my previous dell computer.  Windows 8.1 is also taking some time to learn.  Not sure I care for the changes but as a retiree I do have time to spend on learning.
R29AH0SPARIP8L->Got the wrong item .........disappoited
R3DHNRM6A003CI->The numbers and symbol are mixed-up on this computer the @ which is above the number 2 key when pressed displays the &#34; symbol, instead of  vice versa for the &#34; symbol. The number symbol displays the pound sign. If I could return this item for a refund without the hassle I would send it back immediately.
R2XT0D9CXXIB14->Well performance!
R3SZPKTR3DVSVJ->Very good product!
