R1N7XMOLGOYAZV->Second day of ownership the computer practically slowed to a crawl.  Boxed it up and sent back to Amazon.
RB16SBUXNYVF->Great laptop, which is accomplishing everything that I expected.
R1TRQ3H4SHE78R->I purchased this laptop because I wanted a new PC that did not have Windows 10 installed on it. I have used PCs and laptops since the 1980's and found Microsoft's three best operating systems to be Windows 98 , Windows XP and Windows 7. (Vista  and Windows 8 were IMHO disasters). (The &#34;free&#34; upgrade to Windows 10 is available, but I would do some very serious research before accepting the electronic agreement for it's use}. The PC itself is a reasonably good value for the price. 4 GB of RAM is a bit light for an operating system as sophisticated as Windows 7, however the upgrade to 8 GB is only about $40 for the SIMM. (Unfortunately there is only one memory slot so the only upgrade you can make to the memory is to install a single 8 GB module). The disk drive is also easy to replace. You can probably use a SSD, however SSDs of 500 GB or more are still quite expensive. The display is  fairly sharp, but I have seen better contrast on higher end PCs. The sound quality is reasonably good with its built in speakers, but for more serious listening you will want to hook on a pair of amplified PC speakers. The touch pad mouse works OK but a wireless mouse greatly increases ease of use. The keyboard is very low and flat. It is set way back and only fills about half the width of the PC. The keys only move a fraction of an inch and are extremely sensitive to the touch. I would recommend getting a wireless keyboard if you arre planning on using the keyboard for extensive typing or data entry. Overall I am pleased with this purchase. Power users and Gamers may want to look at laptops with a faster processor and a higher contrast display, but this Laptop should be more than adequate for the needs of the average user.
R1NFOCVIN9069J->Great lightweight and thin laptop.  Good speed perfect for what I do.
RN0J5DIKZT390->Not as good a picture as my previous Studio model.
R1THVH0CPZ3ZV3->Very good
R3K4TPU9GL04PI->This is a &#34;Travel &#34; Lap top - not intended for heavy duty 24/7 use at home but after setting it up I came to realize it could easily replace my desktop if need be. Also - the added feature of a camera and &#34;Skype&#34; is great - I just wish I had someone to call :) This was the perfect choice for me ( Windows 7)  since I wanted nothing to do with Window 8 or its bandaged upgrades - I will use my Windows 10 option later.
R31UCB17E4DPN8->I had to replace a laptop i purchased that had Windows 8. This one was easy to set up, get all needed applications loaded and connected.
