R1XOB2122K8PK6->Very Nice Product and Amazon Delivery
R1ME07K51L9XFH->This laptop is only 3 months old and for the past month has been having a issue with it constantly freezing up. And it defianitely isn't user friendly.  Use to really like Dell computers but think I will still with our Macs.  Have never had issues and they are easy to navigate.
R10KQ6OQGE6FZ8->excellent service delivery time , came earlier than expected. Speaking of the laptop is little I can say about his performance since I'm a basic user of these tools , however my husband is much more technological says it's an excellent buy for such an affordable price , all good comments about each item that contains the machine is what makes me know that has always been and will remain the first choice DELL for its quality and efficiency.
R1THU2LGB3IP55->I like the laptop having it used only for about 30 hours by now.
However, it came with the notorious Bing I hate like everyone else hates it.  It's horrible I can't delete it yet, though, I've tried a few techniques. Is the Bing search engine a punishment for those who nowadays buy Windows OS??? Have to get rid of it, which is a huge waste of time.
It's sad that DELL (for the cost of that laptop) couldn't to equip it with MS Word, PPT, and Excel, which makes the buy like buying a car without a wheel.  The laptop is quite heavy (though it's without a CD drive which used to add to the weight).
All the screensavers that are provided with the system are looking pessimistic and dull. I've downloaded Windows 10, which for a day of a true inquisition made me to recover my laptop back to Windows 8.1.  It's a shame how buggy the Windows 10 OS is, and is designed as if the programmers have never studied the good rules of GUI - save the users time and keep it user-friendly.
R1TWG5QHFQ8GLT->Its really worth it, just doesn't connect to D WiFi if D signal z lightly low. Otherwise quite gud, IV even updated it to windows 10 , works efficiently
R3I9DH6NNDE00G->very fast and big screen too
R12GFA6F3BWCBS->Bought it for my daughter. Awesome laptop. Digging the touch screen. Nothing bad to say. Great for the price.
R3ITYV9WR6I2GY->Excellent laptop, good speed and functionality
R3RVYDSZY66NXU->iam totally disappointed
R2P3TDZKMFW5J2->It's good
R1OT8T7R9JC3E0->LOVE this computer. I use it for school and carry it in my backpack. LOVE the touchscreen for online classes.
RCP5V53ODJQDA->Excellent performance, as always. I only put one star less just for the lack of a built-in DVD RW device.
R1J1AHJ1LRMAR6->The delivery, packaging was all spot on. The laptop was good looking, Nice design but a tad heavy. Everything worked well for a few weeks but afterwards I started hearing sounds from inside the laptop and it was not the fan, the display driver crashed everytime out of no where. Then there came the performance issues. I was lucky it happened within 30 days so I was able to return it.
R24D9OOR8JSOHG->Great laptop for a great price! Got exactly what I wanted and was not disappointed at all! The seller shipped it quick, good condition, and was everything I expected, very happy :)
R1CJP077I8MSDQ->Loved it....
R2HZGCTAK8XUKU->It has 8 GB RAM but still takes more than few seconds to start a application. everything else is good so far but I have got another laptop from DELL whose WIFI connection is wayyy better than this and is cheaper too... well ayways for its price, it is pretty good
R1LVTPWWT2M6SQ->Nice product.
R27PHQF2G2P3E8->Exelente!
R2E49V0W1IN0CG->Initially i liked it pretty much but its not even a month since i bought it the keyboard lights aren't working..Dont know what will happen in the future
R3BEXIK1ANQP9X->Great product...exactly what I was looking for.
R3NFJ5N968AV25->Screen is a tad bigger for a 15.6 but I'm guessing it's because of the touch screen. If you're like me that will most likely never need a CD Drive, hate windows 8 and loves CPU optimization, Upgrade windows 10 as soon as you get it out of the box and install Intel Turbo Boost Technology :)
Oh yeah, one thing I didn't like... You can't remove the battery :/
R3I2V52RXMHPSE->Awesome!! I Just it
R2QLSTK33Y8D3Z->It was to slow for its specs
RON16ER96RSDD->Yaa
R1O2T8HTT3OT20->I have now used this laptop for a month. According to config the laptop is at the best price but sometimes I feel it's mouse pad gets a bit out of service. Its like for a second or two the cursor won't move. Rest all is good. I'll advice to buy this product.
R2YY5FBEX8VJJX->Performance of this laptop is not the best. the screen is prone to damages easily because the back is aluminum. My laptop got a small dent on the back which broke the screen now I have to get it repaired for $270. The hardware is not the best- the laptop is a little slow it lags a lot. although I have updated all hardware on this machine it still did not perform as well as my old toshiba. I have had my toshiba laptop since 2010 and that thing out performs this laptop the only thing i like about this Dell is it is good looking and light weight, but this does not get the job done!
R28S1C4DAVHM9->Overall is good but battery is little weak
R15O5MT5UZRPDC->I am amazed with the slowness of this laptop. Its strikingly slow even if it has a 8 GB RAM and the fan makes a lot of noise.
R272F1ERY6BVAX->Wow this computer is excellent. Its for my daughter. It has sufficiently fast graphics to play Roblox and Minecraft.
I set up some software on it and it executed quickly. I was surprised because I'm an Core i7 believer (mine is a 6 core i7).
The touch was very responsive. Graphices were crisp. Ram and Storage completely sufficient for the various programs (browser, email, Office, games).
The power connecter seems solid. That is usually the first to go. So we'll see how long it lasts.
The wireless is very quick. It mates to the Apple Router purchased within the last 6 months. Can't remember all the a/g/n stuff. Its snappy.
I would recommend this purchase. And I am surprised I do because I didn't think the i5 had it in him.
Oh, one more thing, no bloatware. The &#34;signature&#34; series from Microsoft guarantees NO BLOATWARE. Bloatware is the crappy applications pre-installed on your computer. Those companies pay a fee which reduces the cost of the computer. But you get a SLOW computer. Which is probably why Microsoft finally got religion and realized this major fail actually reflected on them and not the crap app makers. Kudos Microsoft and Dell for making this offering.
R106ODLGFO86O3->Amazing budget laptop.
R3KJF6I3K8NYSZ->Looks good, works good. A real good package for a student.
R30QKB3BQRL8H9->Love it
R3F685PQS7TV5C->Everything was perfect, very good article! im very satisfied! thxs 4 all and greetings!!!
R1XXDRTWSL4XQ6->The mouse precision on this thing is awful. When I move it slowly in one direction, it'll suddenly move in the opposite direction. Returned it after less than a month
R3MSGOVY8WVY6C->I'm loving it..
RVKTKIGB0YK6Y->returned the laptop as the fan was making noise
R29KHMHZBPCU1F->All about the Signature Edition. No issues and runs great! No bloatware and it shows. Quality build. Touchscreen is responsive and battery life is excellent! Does exactly what a computer is supposed to do!
RKWLGUKOL88GU->Great product. Touch is awesome and performance good too. Most importantly, very cheap for these specifications.
R3BK2C5QV39T7Z->nice laptop...I would suggest you to buy
R2RSE3GC1KERCZ->I really want to like this laptop. The screen is nice, the construction feels above par for the price. The keyboard feels good and is nicely lit. Its not too heavy...
...But, the trackpad is beyond frustrating.
The trackpad is made of some sort of rubbery/plastic/textured/grippy material that prevents your fingers from gliding smoothly across its surface. This makes the cursor jumpy. Forget trying to scroll down a page - you know when you do that two finger drag, the cursor jumps all over (yes I tried disabling the zoom in/zoom out feature).
This is because your fingers literally sticks to the pad. Fine, they dont STICK and then not move, but its like trying to move your finger over a piece of rubbery, grippy sandpaper. OK OK, thats a little bit of an exaggeration, its not JUST like sandpaper, but do you get the point?
You try to move the cursor just a little bit for precise small movements and you end up moving too much because you have to add extra pressure to get your fingers to move. You try to move the cursor a lot and you're all over the place because you can't judge when you need to stop because the grippy texture prevents a linear feel.
This has NOTHING to do with sensitivity of the trackpad or drivers... there is no &#34;your motherboard is defective&#34; here people... It is the material the trackpad is made out of (grippy sandpaper, I know, I have said it before).
My macbook pro has a glass like feel to the track pad so its nice and smooth with just enough resistance so you're not all over the screen... But thats a premium laptop. OH WAIT, even my wife's $200 HP Chromebook has that glass like trackpad with just the just right amount of resistance.
Like I have said... I want to like this laptop, its got all the right ingredients, except for that dang trackpad, which drives me absolutely crazy.
And no thanks to the &#34;go buy a mouse&#34; people, the laptop should not need a work around to have precise cursor movements without having to watch the cursor jump all over the screen because texture of the trackpad prevents a smooth linear feel.
R9KDWZBAHEKE2->nice laptop great price.
R34BLBSHKUEWOZ->A great computer for the price point.
R3CEKFMUOMACSM->Great budget laptop, very nice looking
R1ZIBSY6ZBYAMS->Overall it is a great laptop, but sometimes it can be very loud when it is processing.
R2SQWEST4XHRVW->Good laptop, smooth operation, value for money , decent battery life, touchscreen as well
R2BJ615OC2ENG5->It's fast and does everything I need.
R3QEXPF6HCE3H4->Great computer for the price the only down side is the battery life but 5-6 hours is okay
RS8QMQEQOE7ST->This is best laptop around $500. You are getting touch screen laptop, 8 gigs Ram, 1 tb HDD..  You can run any program flawlessly.. I am running android developer studio and other heavy weight application.. Performance is best.. It's not gaming laptop.. In built Intel graphics card..
RQUYCJ0R06VEP->Quick turn around. Just what I needed but no place to play CDs or DVDs.
RF7NINMTX3NYS->I got this laptop for school and I am very very pleased with it! :)
R2LBT6XCMEYV5U->Great product, delivered on time.
So far the laptop has been nice. Nothing to complain about. 1 month with the laptop
R1EJVU1FU8LKVH->I bought this for my daughter for homework, learning photo editing, and to do some personal movie editing.  The laptop meets her needs and is small enough not to add too much weight to her backpack.  So far it has met her needs and she has enjoyed it very much.  It is a good computer for the price and portability.
R1V9LOOPUGBNC7->This PC is a huge value -- highly recommended.It boots very fast and response time is excellent. From appearance to the hardware configuration it is quality and will handle everything most users will ever need plus it will put money back in your pocket. Do not be concerned about the windows 10 upgrade, It was automated and easy to follow. Did not buy mine from Amazon but would have if I had seen it here! Move fast while supplies last.
R1E2XSJ7BM363C->Excellent. Is a good computer. Delivered on time
R1ZD0CRLJU1PAD->Does everything I need, plus got windows 10 for free and love it.
R1PI2UE1OQXDQ4->The laptop is good in configuration. But it makes lot of noise after running it for few mins, I have contacted Dell support and they have upgraded the old BIOS, worked well for few days. After few days it started making noise again.
It makes big sounds such away that my friend who stays in other room thinks I'm running vacuum cleaner after he hears this laptop sounds.
R26KLL9A3CS0UZ->Good price. With small black spots on the screen, even we exchanged a new one. Both have black tiny spots inside of screen, unable to remove them. If moved the laptop while it was on, the screen turned to have many white lines.
R1W245J0Z3FCGX->Just good.
R14ZPOECT5HUX2->Good product and value
R1JIUFY4FRGDRI->After it arrived the screen started to blink and stay off.  We returned it for an HP
R2IF6QYSGSD7F7->Not counting Windows 8 GRRRRRRRRRR, not a big fan
R3MIYIDSR230AG->everything is good
R3PH9UHD22TG8B->The windows8.1 system with touch screen really inspried me! I think it's pretty awesome! But the reaction speed is a little bit lower than I had expected!
R18A0LMZRSOJA6->Good laptop for this price. But sometime wifi is disconnecting. Overall performance is good. This touch screen laptop, but not mentioned in the description when I bought.
RHKRSS5256V4C->I've only had this laptop for a week or so but I absolutely love it. Its heavy but it's sleek and doesn't overheat. I was also pleased to find out it has a touch screen which it didn't state in the description.
R3K3BOT81FWRC6->Pretty good computer for the price
R3PG42J0L6CL9Z->I want to first mention that this is a Signature Edition laptop which means that this is a special edition made by Dell that does not have junkware or a bunch of 3rd party trial software. I had already purchased it before knowing that but it was a very nice surprise. To my absolute delight, there was no 3rd party trial software other than McAfee. There are a few Dell things installed but nothing that is a bother.
I consider this a mid-level laptop at a budget price, I was shocked to find it at such a low price (I bought mine at $449.00). Maybe it's not quite a low low budget laptop but finding an i5 Processor and 8GB RAM for under $600 was impossible. I wanted something that wouldn't be out of date or unable to handle upgrades in software in 3 years. I was a little apprehensive because it seemed too good to be true and it only had 2 reviews at the time of purchase, but after months of shopping and knowing this had powerful components, I decided to go for it, and am so glad I did. If you can handle the extra $100 or so over the low budget laptops, then get this one, you are getting something that won't be out of date in a few years.
What I liked:
-It has a 5th Generation i5 processor (hard to find in a budget laptop) (can even handle light gaming)
-It has 8GB RAM which can handle multiple loads on the system (also hard to find on a budget laptop)
-It starts up in about 10 seconds with everything ready to go
-It's light and extremely quiet. You can barely hear the fan when it's running.
-It has a 1 TB hard drive (also hard to find in a budget laptop)
-It automatically found my online printer and other computers in my home so setup was very very easy.
Things it has but are a personal preference:
-Touch screen - Very cool but I hardly use the feature but it is nice to have
-Windows 8.1 - I understand the fuss about it being different but it's not hard to use and for me it's nice to have a desktop that is laid out in a similar fashion to a smartphone plus you can also have your traditional desktop. Plus with Windows 10 being free next month it's kind of a moot point.
Things I wish it had:
-Better screen resolution. I say this but so far I have been happy with it. It only has a 1366 x 768 resolution but is technically still considered High Definition. For me it's not a big deal but most people want 1080p. It's one reason for the affordability.
-A optical drive. Even though I can't remember that last time I used a CD/DVD drive, I like to have one just in case. The good news is that you can buy one for less than $30 that you connect via USB.
Overall, I definitely recommend this laptop. I always buy Dell and have never been disappointed. I also think this is an amazing deal. I had been shopping for months and as soon as I saw this I didn't hesitate. I see the price has gone up a little but it's still a good deal. You cannot find such specs for this price. You won't regret it!
RDMANDGF3ZZEM->I purchased five of these for work and set all of them up. On all of them, the startup time is slower than what I would expect for an i5 processor with 8 GB of RAM, even after I did a fresh install of Windows. It takes a few minutes for the network icon to appear in the system tray. Once it's up and running it seems to be fine, but it is a bit slower than what I would expect from the processor and amount of RAM available. When I initially turned on the computers, they would not connect to a wired Ethernet connection, only WiFi. The wired connection started working after I did a fresh install of Windows. I didn't try to find a fix because we always do a fresh install of Windows to get rid of bloatware. Removing the Dell-installed driver and using the driver that comes with Windows would probably fix the issue.
R2KAK676LGWPSV->I bought two laptops last week, for me and for my girlfriend. But one of them does not work. I am from Costa Rica and it is very expensive return the item. I believe that I lost my money.
RJY9RRT5ORX4N->Great laptop for the price.  I ordered the Toshiba and returned and think Dell is just better built in my opinion.  Really like the backlit keyboard which is easier on eyes.
RH9WLV8EJUDF9->I am very happy with my purchase, for the price I feel this is a great laptop. The only drawback was I didn't realize was there isn't a a cd/dvd drive, my fault probably for not reading the specs better, but most laptops come with them. When I went back to look they now show this laptop with the option to purchase the drive with the laptop, but not when I purchased? Amazon? But all and all very pleased..... Delivery was super fast I order it on Thursday nite, chose regular delivery, it was at my door Sunday morning at 10 am. Wow!!! wasn't due until Thursday very pleased on the fast delivery. Way to go Amazon.
R18TQ4S2IQP766->This system is slow, non-responsive, office crashes all the time. at this point, audiostopped working, control panel freezing! it is the worst. my asus Pentium processor performs better.
R3LDA19YRBTXWV->I have just received my Dell Laptop from Amazon via DHL. The packing was nice and neat. Unlike UPS, DHL is always on time. Even though I have only spent a few hours on this laptop, I found that the build quality of this laptop is above average for a mid-range laptop especially the cover is of aluminum. The backlit keyboard is an excellent feature. The touchscreen is a nice additives for the upcoming Windows 10. The machine is quiet in general. The speed is good for a laptop of this range. All in all, this laptop looks and woks great. No problem with the touchpad. I will update this review if anything new pops up.
Thank you Amazon for the excellent service!
R37Z2VUC9QIC5K->In the package we have
-Laptop Computer
-Power Adapter
-Quick Start and Warranty Instructions
This laptop happens to have a Touchscreen, which I wasn't aware off when I purchased it. I believe it isn't mentioned anywhere on amazon's product page to this date.
It isn't a deal breaker though but it can get annoying when windows provide tips on screen that require you to touch it to get it off. It will also hold onto fingerprints as it has a glossy finish. The screen also looks out of place on this machine, at times, as it appears to have a frame within the screen instead of the screen filling out the space up to the bezel.
This machine has an aluminum top which is a lot better than the flimsy plastic backing that is found on the lower end Dell 3000 series. The drawback however is that the machine is slightly heavier than the 3000 series.
keyboard is backlit but the keys are a bit small and don’t have a lot of travel to them. It feels flimsy at times.
Touch Pad will require some patience as well as some learning as to the gestures for inputs .
Speakers aren’t great but they sound good enough. They quickly distort at high volumes or when they attempt to reproduce heavy bass though
The webcam works ok; haven’t yet tested the mic
This machine does not have an Optical disc drive.
Battery life is around 4-5 hrs while surfing and watching the occasional youtube video. This I believe is made possible by the use of Intel’s new Broadwell (Core i5 - 5200u) processor.
If there is one major drawback to this machine it is Windows 8. What was Microsoft thinking when they designed this? If you are coming from Windows 7 or XP it’s going to take a lot of getting used to. Imagine I had to install a third party app to get something akin to a proper start button. It also wants to link all your accounts together e-mail, login, pictures, etc. It is a headache.
I am patiently waiting for the release of Windows 10….but I am hoping that they release it sooner rather than later.
I like the machine thus far and it’s a decent machine for the money…It should get better with Windows 10. Will update if anything comes up
