R38NSF1FKT10E4->Bad
RA1H84L9ECQ9B->Love this lap top!
RN0B589HWZ0CP->Not really. It is not what I thought it would be. It slows down sometimes and hangs while downloading some files.
R1N81NBJQQFOVN->Perfect
R17LO6ZRHQXKIK->bluetooth not work!
R3O1DB1GXYPHWY->so far it's good
R2KEXPRL2RI9IK->Horribly SLOW!!!!!!! Is there something that can be done to it?  Wow, i wish i didn't buy this POS.
RNWM6DANVOJ0P->Dell makes good stuff
R23Y2MIXBSG4WP->It's 50% off!!! You can't beat the price. Though it's a certified refurbished laptop, it looks and works just like a new one!! Dell is a reliable laptop company and it's our third laptop from it. I bought it for my daughter and she uses it mostly for school work.
R1423HZJTNJEZK->Just what I wanted, quite pleased with purchase.
RBN4HJJOW47GO->well, my laptop looks great on the outside but also inside. Also, your service and support is very accesible and user-friendly. I like it very much.
R18BLS1WLBLSGS->I won't regret my choice. It was the top10 desktop under $500. And this one is only 248. You can trust it as your every daily work PC. The battery duration is perfect. Although it's a little heavy, it's not a problem.
You can't assume this computer should have very high speed. Actually, it's out of your imagination. It is reliable PC. I use it every day. I  like it.
R1Y5FZRVG8TC7S->I have tried several kinds of laptops, I have seen cheap bad laptops and some cheap good ones, well this is really a good one for the price,it performs really well for day to day use,web browsing,emails, documents,etc etc.
I am wondering the people who gave 1 star, 2 star, are you comparing it with  the performance of a $1000 pcs.
For this price, it is really a good stuff.
RFM8MK1PKYDJB->the right size for traveling. Easy to use and navagate.
RWX7AKEZFQ1YS->200 bucks for a laptop like this I pretty satisfied. The weight is a bit heavy for a girl but not a big problem. It runs very smoothly, battery duration is good, and it is quite during operation which I love most. Again this price is super nice for this laptop, it is not high-end laptop but meet all basic needs. If you have higher expectations then you probably have to look for a higher priced laptop.
R232PNRHXR6QNK->i bought a dell inspron 14 3000 laptop since im starting collage in
programming !!I decided to get this laptop becauce i had everything i
needed for mostly school purposes
R2UBZUXS0IXWM->i had really easy set up and qiuck step by step process but it did not
stop me from menouvering aroud my computer. This is the most ive
learned on how to set up and use a computer, everything was so user
friendly.
R275JSP4WTMAI6->I have found Dell to be a wonderful experience, and tool to use
RLTK5IVJLCEIB->It is powerful enough for me to do all the internet matters and light
for handling.
R3PNEUD6N3FIOS->Still learning to understand it
RVGCW48N3QJO2->Junk.  Slow.  Trouble.  Don't waste your time or money.  After three weeks of frustration I ordered a NEW laptop and threw the dell away.  Waste of time and $200.
R2FSC1WPKWOWKM->This laptop I bought is good, but, the problem is that it's slow and sometimes freezes. It's even slow to open internet explorer or google chrome. And it's not from my wifi or internet router. And it's not really consider new if it's refurbished.
R2UXDBMAS8IY9X->Overall solid product and did free upgrade to Windows 10 which made it better.
R124IDT4M8P99D->the only real use is for a young kid or someone very VERY new to computers. It's just too slow for business purposes for sure and if you are a fast typer, it can't keep up. And what is up with this cursor that just &#34;roams&#34; all over the screen. I find I've spent too much time waiting and having to retype stuff because the cursor keeps moving to another location. Not a fan. So I use this as my going out of town machine. It won't matter if it gets lost or stolen...
RB1CYCP949XGQ->It's an okay laptop. I've had it for a month now and it's still slow. It takes forever to open a window or even to operate simple tasks.
R32V44Q3KJ6EGH->Runs slowly.
R2CL905YL7PR4C->Computer refurbished I didn't know?  Runs slow oh well I guess I missed that one.
R23MQ73PQ75CLV->Perfectly good laptop
R2P2TJH248RQQI->Nice but it is HUGE!
R3NJPZP0NH8VUM->It is not charging even when it is plugged it that it wont turn on.
It is very slow due to the lack of ram that it is impossible to even go online on it and when i do get online the pages wont load.
RQF0YFHGSF93U->Good computer..
R10GEOLJTGTTBO->SLOW! Has a Celeron chip and it shows it. Nice looking. I'd think it was new if REFERBERSHED did bot appear on box. Use it if you are in no hurry!
R3514H0M8NTJFI->This computer was shipped extra fast and has been great so far!  I was surprised at how light it is, thought it does feel fragile.  I got it for everyday internet use and  such and have overall been pleased.
R2MWS16EZ0604P->Everything I expected and more  !!
R3SKCJESVA49UN->Mind-bogglingly slow.  Constant interruptions from non-uninstallable McAfee software.  Want to reboot?  Hope you have half an hour to spare. I get that it's only 2GB RAM, but if it can't be optimized to run 8.1 and, say, ONE other program, why try?  Swipe the trackpad, wait 3 seconds, the pointer moves.  Then it has to think about where the cursor is for another 30 seconds before you can, say, add input of one char, then wait, then you can enter maybe 3 or 4 more.  Want to watch a video?  Ha! Hahaha!  Looking for ways to optimize, but not finding much; will likely return it.  1 star for this abomination, only adding the second for on-time delivery.  I think the seller means well, but man, test your product!
RIJ7BF90B1N8K->Pretty good for the price
RXGHRW0YGFPQ5->Good price for a reliable laptop. Use it as everyday work computer. Perfect for work.
R1ZKH5YBST8SMQ->I love it. It is very wonderful laptop for user.
