R3OU6N1OWVZ4NL->Acceptable for it's price. If you're going to use your own monitor it's OK. It was given to me by the company I work. By the time I'm writing this review, I'm struggling to see what I'm actually writing because of the glare, if you've used an IPS panel anti-glare panel screen before, I'm afraid this screen is not even close to satisfaction even though it says &#34;Truelife&#34; Display.
R2N343P9CG24XA->Excelent
RXTWYIAB4OVYE->I hate this laptop. Here is why: I have a blog. When I am typing my palm swipes the touch pad and moves my cursor! Which means I will start writing somewhere else then when I want to be writing. No matter how hard I try not to touch the mouse pad with my hand it makes no difference. I have barely used this laptop and the letters on the keys are already starting to wear off. And to add to the lousy experience the keys are not sensitive at all. Sometimes I have to press the key 2-3 times before it will register. I type 45WPM and it throws off my momentum. I am a writer and I bought this laptop for writing and doing programming.
Unless you don't have much money or you only check e-mail or something, I would pass on this laptop. I will never buy this model again ever. I wouldn't pay even 100 bucks for this laptop I hate it that much.
On the plus side, the battery lasts a good 4-6 hours. It has a sturdy construction, I have dropped it a few times. It has a good hinge system. The laptop responds well enough in terms of performance. It came with 8GB of RAM which is plenty for me. And it came with a 1TB HDD which I have only used about 200GB of.
Oh, the LCD panel is protected by a flimsy shell and that is not a good feature in a laptop.
R3IN7FY3Z0YYE3->I bought two of these laptops for my children, for home school.  They are wonderful computers, and I, and my kids love the touchscreen.  Running Windows 10 on these is great!
I couldn't be happier!
R3J20804IOILCJ->I bought this item in August 2013 before one (1) year has expired I had to purchase new memory. Two months after installing the new memory the laptop refused to power up. So this laptop did not last two years.
Can I send this back to Dell for repairs? What would the process involve?
R2GLD27APW2Q1I->Terrible purchase. Do not purchase this computer.
R2H8P5CJ4SSA6F->My only complaints on thi computer were already described in others reviews. So I expected it. Touchpad is not very good but usable. SD card sticks out too far. Other than that I am using it as we speak (type/read)
RUHTTY653GGPA->EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND EXCELLENT SELLER.
R3TGA4L52EGIA->It's an excelent notebook because it has good components inside, but it's a bit ugly outside.
R1Z4F0OS57SRV6->Really loved the product ordered one for my friend as well and the build and quality is excellent
RR46CPTFQFWR0->Love my new laptop.  I use it for a personal PC and found it to be all I need.  I love love the lit keyboard.
R3W098RBXE0NX6->It was great until the #2 key became touch sensitive.  If you rest your finger on #2 ever so lightly, it will continue to put #2s....
I know there is a warranty but it's a pain to send back your laptop back to the manufacturer.  We have to clean the data up before risking to send it over.
R1CAPY144CWM4H->Satisfied.
R3IXQTSK8KGRGV->I bought this for my wife, and she is very happy with it.
R32NUBKX9GNDYI->Value for the money
RAJJGU1SH1U2X->Excelente
R2IKOJ1W63H27G->Seems great so far
R1TU456PAVLAAL->great resolution and does everything I need.
R3K3YMMSMG9XC8->DO NOT BUY THIS COMPUTER. Windows just sucks. For the first month, I thought that I liked this computer, then all of the &#34;trials&#34; that they don't tell you you're trying expired. Quite literally as I'm writing this review, new tabs are opening up and trying to get me to buy things. Spend the extra money on a Mac. It's worth it, you'll never have any issues. I regret buying this computer, and straying away from Apple. You get what you pay for I guess.
R3ME4S75U0V0RH->I bought this computer for my wife two years ago and it still works perfectly. Her only complaint is that sometimes it gets kind of slow and the mouse pad occasionally loses sensitivity. Otherwise, it's been a great laptop.
R2D1WPRK48YOBQ->JUNK....RECIEVED THIS ON A SATURDAY AND CALLED TECH SUPPORT ON MONDAY....POWER ON OFF BUTTON DOESNT WORK RIGHT AND THE BATTERY GOES DEAD WHILE SHUT OFF.....THIS WILL BE MY LAST DELL
R17UKI5098RYR7->Very sluggish
R2VWW1U77MKVX5->yes
R1N22KG5MVDALI->This is a very good laptop for basic activity. It can play basic games and feels very sturdy. It streams videos very well and is overall a very nice laptop for the price.
R2ZTGPHR2YIVR7->I love the computer.
R34IUGEVQOVI4U->has a cheap feel to it. the plastic was not put together very well on mine, like it appeared to be coming apart on the bottom right corner. i sent mine back. very easy return though
R9472EIJ6ESTA->Very nice computer but I had it for two weeks and all I did was get on YouTube and about a week later it would never let me sign back again it just sits there and loads.
R846FJU2CMXHH->I got this laptop through the bank credit reward points, value $600. The laptop is made with cheap material and so it looks much cheaper compared with a Toshiba laptop in the same price range. I often have to repeat  typing because the buttons are not precise enough. It runs slow from the beginning. The set up Dell online registration has never functioned. The CD tray must be pushed 3-4 times until it can be opened for use. So disappointed. I will go back to Toshiba.
RBOF38982GO47->Great for my simple usage which consists of surfing the net.
R36ET2KZQBUKCM->Pretty slow out of the box but once I installed a SSD hard drive and 8GB of RAM along with Windows 7 it's super fast now.
R3TV8THW2J3YXM->Kid loves it.
R3P0FV3L8OXHPM->I do not recommend this laptop. Wifi connection problems, freezes, slow. Sometimes it wont turn on.
It's annoying and wouldn't want someone else to go through the same issues and frustration.
R1HILM8144427D->My previous Dell laptop I had for five years and it worked great. I accidentally dropped it one night and it broke so I bought this laptop. I have only had this laptop for a few months and ive had so many problems with it. It is constantly crashing due to &#34;errors&#34;. It runs pretty slow for a new laptop. It almost always has &#34;limited&#34; Internet access to my wifi. Im constantly getting disconnected. I've tried Internet explorer, chrome, and firefox and there is no difference. My old laptop and my boyfriend's laptop have no problem with the wifi connection. I have ad blockers and virus protection that I've checked to make sure it doesn't interfere with anything. It has two stars because I get some use out of it.
R1A8DCWEI5ZZV->Overheating problem right from the start
R2BIBIOY5JG2AV->I love it!! Its operating system is Windows 7 Professional, which is my favorite! (I'm not really into Windows 8 or 10 for some reason)... It has 1TB hard drive and it runs real fast and smooth! Also the screen size is 15'6, the biggest screen size you can get from a laptop. One drawback is it weighs 5lbs, which is a little heavy for me to carry. Overall, I still tend to give it a five star.
RWDFLWZRSWT6O->The laptop works very well and the setup of the keyboard is perfect. The mouse-pad is also located in the center, as it should be. The battery also lasts a considerable amount of time. I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
R1XB5B5RTK70AZ->Love this computer.  Bought it for work.  Will probably buy one for home.
R1HCUX6YJPGE8J->I think this computer is the classical one. It has 15.6 Screen which is satisfied with current operation system requirement. Windows 8 and Window 10 has a special function . You can work on two applications on the same screen. So 15.6 is becoming a standard request. 1Tb storage is big enough for your daily use. I transfer all my files, pictures, and videos to this computer. And I still have more than 500 GB storage. It works well. I often play computer Games. I think this computer satisfies all your requirement.
R1L616O5M8OCBD->The Dell Premium Tech Support is heads and shoulders above the rest. I have two Dells now, the newest being a laptop and the other an all in one PC. I could not believe how far tech support has gone for me - even calling me back to see if everything worked out for me. Now just make sure that you have the full first year Premium Tech Support - I found out that mine came with only 90 days and it took some talking and they agreed to a full year. Then when I found out how good the tech support was I purchased an additional 3 years. Now personally I do not care for Windows 8 nor will I have anything to do with McAfee. My Dell Tech support ran Super Anti Spyware Free edition of course and Hit Man Pro again free version when I was hit hard with viruses or what ever. Now I run at lease one of these daily and haven't had any problems since.
R30LSB7XLRAMO1->Pros: Performance wise - pretty good for surfing internet, working on MS Office, pretty light and flexible...ergonomically friendly....you can position this laptop from your bed or sitting airplane(touchscreen) or even use it to read a book(as tablet). Plenty of space and 4 gig of memory - enough to run windows 8.1. Color very nice and well built, installed intel turbo boost - pretty snappy.
Cons: hard drive and memory hard to access. speakers small.
R1YY0WUHJYLV4W->I ordered this PC actually was for my daughter.  She did not complain about it and I suppose she's satisfied with it.
R11QTW7RZ2BGWK->computer does not work correct. the way the box was tapped i don't think it was new but i did not care about thant but i can not get on the settings. i am waiting to hear about returning it
R14O6GBLGSDPMQ->Excellent
R2YT9GFDDTNVB7->My husband love it  on the first impression!!! It is very fast and respect the decription, a very powerful computer for the price.  It is easy to transport, just the right size for our needs. I have owned other HP products and they have proven to be dependable affordable. For the money when purchased , it has to be one of the best deals going. Also it's shipped very fast and the package is in good condition, not damaged as some prior shopping.
R234MR9DRAZBFS->This is probably a better laptop then I think it is. I like the backlit key board, I don't care about the touch screen, but it is nice looking. I missed the fact that it doesn't have a DVD player when I read the description. On one occasion the screen had a lite pink background instead of white, but at the next startup it was gone. This was my first laptop and the thing that irritates me the most may be common on laptops. Every time I turned it on the number pad would not work until I pushed the Num Lock key. There is not a light on it, like on the Caps Lock key, so I didn't know if the keys were on or off until I pushed a number. I can't see any reason for the number pad to default to the off position when the laptop is shut off. If there is a reason, I don't know what it could be. As far as I'm concerned it's a pain in the Butt. I would rather have a laptop without the key pad rather then wonder whether or not it is going to work. Maybe it's a minor irritation to some, but it's a major one to me. By the way, I typed this review on my desk top, that happens to be a Dell, where  the number pad always works.
R1VAH3R7DWPEM9->I purchase this laptop just recently from dell and so far I had a wonderful experience with it. The design is very beautiful to look at. I'm very happy this laptop has a very spacious capacity (1TB) since most of my other laptops are only 500GB and I have to upgrade it, and 8GB DDR is just great for computer gaming! Definitely glad I purchased this product.
R3LHNJUU1HHI0L->Product is good, was available on very less websites. Price is good. Delivered on last day of estimated so little worry about what will happen if it wont reach as I have to travel. Thank God it has delivered on 11th
R3URD2H0NO44X->Don't like windows 8
R2EHB2Y2VIYVKV->Fantastic laptop for the price.  I bought this for my son who is starting college. Now, I may buy one for myself.
R1XUL3GR6Q7E8L->Would have a 5 star review except for the fact it is falsely advertised as a 2.7 GHz processor when in fact it maxed at 2.2. It doesn't sound like a lot, but say you pay for an item that costs $220 and you hand the cashier $300 but he only hands you $30 in change, you would want that $50 he shorted you wouldn't you? The processor can be over-clocked to meet the advertised speed but it is not sold as over-clocked.
R2AIV8DAYLPRN6->I cannot tell you how much I regret this purchase. The Inspiron is a catastrophe. On a very basic level of function it has the worst keyboard I've ever seen on a computer. The individual keys are bizarrely small and separated from each other by wide strips of plastic; it is almost impossible to type. I exclusively use an external keyboard. The mousepad is unresponsive even at the highest sensitivity and the mousepad click keys are almost totally useless.
Nor can it perform even the most basic tasks of home computing. Since I received this computer I have downloaded a total of two programs: Google Chrome and Avast Antivirus. In other words it is practically in out-of-the-box condition. yet even so it runs far more slowly than my old laptop it was designed to replace, a seven-year-old Dell Latitude with only about 10 open megabytes on its hard drive and whose cooling fan broke years ago. The Inspiron sometimes takes several minutes even to open the Chrome browser. It is a source of almost indescribable frustration. I hate it.
I almost never review products. I felt that I had to do anything possible to save others from throwing money away like this. I'm going to have to buy another new computer now because the Inspiron is just utterly worthless even for the extremely light home computing tasks I need it to perform. Please learn from my experience.
R1IRUHV08OV6OO->I bought this laptop because my mother has the same exact model but this one is a bit slower than hers. It's not too bad of a laptop, mostly needed it for school. The touch screen is great,the laptop didn't come with any scratches or damages on it, it updated to windows 10 for me. You have to buy your word doc,excell, powerpoint etc of course. But I'm rating this a 3 because I find it a bit slow sometimes.
R3NJCLX2RG9T6G->no DVD/CD/BR ports
R2DXL5FKEW8T5Z->Great laptop
R1YQVKGXA48CVW->I bought this for my nephew.  He has been using it since and have not heard any issues with it.
R1LTMECTPBQCVI->Nice compueter. Well designed and fast enough.
RQ4PSANM2CCF6->Best  design .worth price.
R1NRHDBHD3WB0B->PS Oh yeah I forgot to mention that sometimes when i right click, it just clicks and takes me to another page which i dont want. My SD card port is already not being detected. (only had for 2 months and 3 days). Plus side: it has an optical drive, but I don't think the programs installed allow for full screen playback of DVDs.
R1IHGO9CH8MFZH->A lot of research was done prior to purchasing this laptop. Seemed like a good deal for basic computer. Since my daughter has been using for 3 months - basic usage - watching netflix, browsing net, writing papers, there has been a consistent issue with slow speed AND touchpad and keyboard intermittently stop working. Sometimes at the same time! We are now having to purchase another one and will have to return this to Dell.
R1P7M3P9KUT2LD->My daughter is so happy with her computer. She got this on time. Good job.
R3R8PM6BJ0TF44->Very disappointed with this laptop. The mouse freezes up frequently. About once a week it makes a loud buzzing noise and occasionally just shuts down afterwards. It is extremely slow and frustrating to use. I have had good luck with Dell in the past, but this is the worst laptop I have ever used.
R2DBJU83RA7F46->great product,  i really do like it,  it came with the windows 8 which i did not like and then they offered the windows 10 got it free and i really like lots better
R2QWUHC5P203YI->This is overall a good laptop. Performs very fast (I can have 20 browsers open and it still doesn't slowdown), and the laptop doesn't get hot even when watching movies in High Definition. Also, the Waves Maxx Radio is great, very precise sounds. Physically, the laptop is sturdy and the keyboard is made of extremely high quality materials (finger stains are really easy to clean up), and the silver finish adds to the aesthetics. The Full HD 1080P is also a plus of this laptop.
Pros: Touchscreen, FULL HD 1080P, Lots of Ram, great audio, good quality materials, very sturdy, excellent Dell Support, Glossy Screen.
Cons: The battery life is very short. Just basic web browsing barely got me 4 hours on a full charge. With Netflix and some Youtube videos, I was struggling to have it last 2 hours on a full charge. I expected the battery on a modern laptop with these specs will give me at least 7 to 8 hours.
The price is extremely high for an i5 laptop.
R3MHRF5VZ21F0Y->excelente
R2WFA439JL5B0R->This computer is fast and smooth to use. I recommended to others if they want a school computer. It super smooth, thin, so easy to use while there is lot intense helpful tools for students. I also recommend to upgrade it to windows 10 which is more sweeter and lot smoothier.
R3MFD4UN0YBG36->We had issues with this laptop from the minute we got it.  Since we have had other Dells that we were happy with we thought it may have just been that laptop and we got a replacement.  We received the 2nd one and it was worse that the first one.  They both seem to have had hardware issues and was unusable.  We had great service from Amazon and the 3rd party company.  We received the 1st laptop and the replacement very quickly.  So disappointed because this laptop had everything we wanted and a great price.
RQBVL22STF3CU->So far so good
R2Z3GWJ13A3RZR->Good for the price!
R1X1U2CVSXVJ5E->Excelent
R1HQVWW0B5IFV3->I wanted a basic but functional computer and Dell never disappoints me.
RYVQTZPK42LFX->This new laptop met, and may have exceeded my expectations. It is a good weight; I like the aluminum covers -makes me feel more secure. I find the large keyboard and space pad more comfortable than my previous. And, it's fast!! Good service from Amazon once again.
R24LNN6467VJF5->Extremely fast, light, and more than sufficient for home use.
RYQ4ID3YBGW5O->Great deal!
R3FHI27WJ4S5JX->keeping me busy playing with my new toy, is as great as claimed
R23IR79IDCEZD8->regret to buy it
R2BAVFYD9W6H9->poor quality did not even have anything acer and asus are so much better
R3HOSOTVIR30A9->excellent very happy purchase
R1QW2B8ZRIKI7N->This has been a great computer so far! I would highly recommend it to others.
R1IO4RZL9ON70S->Although good at price, the keyboard is not that great and the screen has now started flickering within 2 months of use.
RHBTGH9OFYANO->As per my expectation
R2MHN7FVE0JUUA->Great product, great service, A+++!
R2GG0YLSPCAC2F->I had the touch screen version in my cart, thought about it for a few days before hitting the commit button and somehow the no touch version is what I bought (my mistake for sure), I can't see why anyone wouldn't pay the extra $50 for the touch screen version.
The computer itself is ok. It's big and bulky, the keyboard is very nice (keys have a nice feel). You can't open a single office doc without purchasing (or leasing the app) office which I think is bs (word or excel docs won't open in any type of reader), I think that's kind of crappy, don't know if that's a stripped down software issue from Dell (I knew I wasn't getting a lot of bells/whistles at this price) or a Microsoft deal - either way it sucks.
I bought this to run Quickbooks for a business and web use, hopefully it will be durable.
Definitely get the touch screen version if you're considering one and research what software is on it.
R37ECXDKWZ8D68->battery does not charge. LCCarter
RWQEHK161VUUY->Not a bad little lap top. We'll have to see if it continues to perform after the windows 10 upgrade.
R369ZAKTIKTVD0->worst laptop.
R15299A3F797CF->Bought this as a gift for my son. It works freat for  what he needs  as a freshman in college
R1QRK5TQ9226J1->The mouse pad on this laptop makes everything else mute.  This has been so frustrating that I have returned the laptop to Dell for another one, thinking there was something wrong with the mouse pad.  Once I received my replacement from Dell I had the same problems.  I've adjusted the pressure, but it doesn't seem to work.  Basically, every time I click on a page or try to drop a page down from my favorites folder it takes at least 5 or 6 tries before it works.  Dell support could not fix this problem either.  Apparently nothing is &#34;wrong&#34; with the laptop, it's just how they make them now.
I had always bought Dell laptops, however after this one I will be looking for a different brand.  (Even now as I try to click the one star rating, it just took me six times to do so.)
R1NM1F0L2RU6TI->Perfect! And the shipping very fast!
R2WN4YVFOMYLUE->I love this notebook. Backlit keyboard, touch screen and fast processor with plenty of memory. What is not to love!
R21EKHK0H0V42I->good product
R3MDV8V19QIZI2->Real good....
R8PLPAGF9MC0J->Only had it for a few months.  It works for what I wanted it for.
R267HLGWWJ1MUH->I had low expectations as it is a low cost computer and not a powerhouse. What I received met that expectation. If you are looking for a fast, powerful, game-playing computer, spend about $1,000+ on a better Dell model. If you need to use Microsoft office and do basic work, this computer has done exactly that. I got what I expected in the end and I am fine with that.
RSGKQUKVYDN4F->Good configuration and performance  for the price
R3A73BRIB1E1FD->Its a good computer with light in the keyboard, touch screen and windows 8. Was a good product and the price too.
R1SBBD6I6NUEX0->I like the performance overall when it's actually able to connect to the internet, but it's sort of weak when it comes to connecting to wifi. I think I'm just go out and get that problem fixed though because, really, it's a decent computer.
--Maybe I'll update my experience later on too given that I've only had the thing for a couple of weeks--
R2RQBGI71F2NV5->This Laptop, with the touch screen technology, is fast, easy to use, and powerful.  It was a great buy at a great price.
R2GB2J7I75TY8A->I have had this for only 3 months and already I am having serious problems.  My keyboard has stopped working.  I had to get a keyboard with a usb connection to plug into it just to get it to work.  I wish I had bought the warrenty.  Now I'm not sure what to do.  I will be calling Amazon to see what my options are.
R2V6JBOZHHXPT7->EXCELENTE
RSUFWMSAZKVD9->Worked we'll until it fried the hard drive In 1.5 months. Don't waste your money
