RKCRIX5LXXJR6->Not very powerful.
R303TCUAVQRW4S->My daughter loves using her new laptop.  It is convenient to carry, and she is able to do all of her social and work on one device. She also plans on using this when she starts college.
R2DKD1O4LM8N8E->Nice laptop
R2NVLEQD0TXWFN->Like a few other reviewers have posted here, we could never get it to connect to our home wi-fi, even though our wi-fi was working fine. I suspect they must have a number of them with a bad thing-a-ma-jig (whatever is inside a laptop to give it wi-fi capability).  We had to return it, and are still on the search for another.
R12HEWOEL6KFSW->Awesome touchscreen! Delivered on time. Only issue is it sometimes loses connection with wifi. Have to restart when this happens otherwise it's a great buy!
R33MEQUHQQ0HW8->This was great, but for one thing so I returned it after only a week.  The one thing wrong, was an inability to connect to my Wi-Fi Router or stay connected when I could get it too connect.  Other then that it was a great system and the free upgrade to Windows 10 was outstanding and I loved the Touch Screen.
I am looking to purchase another when they get the wi-fi connection thing sorted out, seller blamed it on Windows 10, Microsoft Store I took it to blamed it on the hardware, so after fighting it for a week I gave up and returned it
R2SFHPU7ZDK6GJ->This is a great computer! Very easy to set up and none of the preloaded programs,that you don't want. Upgraded it to Windows 10 with no problems.
R2ME0H4C15Z1DX->Love it!!!
R1ABAMLGYGX7BF->I enjoy the large screen size ;and the processor speed.
R2SRNOZS3ID5HS->Dell is awful.  Spend your money somewhere else.
RHED5A9MGFO1S->Excellent.
RHQOARG9Z2YWI->AS EXPECTED
R26ENJ4KMXNVLD->I bought this laptop for my father as it has a bigger screen and it's touch screen! My father likes it as he has aged related vision problem and he told me it is fast! It's Dell and compared with other stores, Amazon offers a very reasonable price! So I strongly recommend it .
R2R7PCFF152MB7->The laptop is phenomenal, it has exceeded my expectations. Screen is very easy to see and use. It's speed is fast enough for whatever you're doing including gaming. Travels well, the only thing is I wish it had a longer life battery but that's no big deal I can always swap it out.
R28S9SD5PBGFB8->I was disappointed to learn that it wasn't brand new as it had been registered to someone else prior to me trying to register the laptop--other than that it is a good laptop and I appreciated the dull finish as opposed to the glossy finish my previous dell laptop had had.
R34PN8Z70SFKAM->After review I decide keep my order
R3PZBZ0P5LYIMZ->Not the fastest but a solid performer
R2X02VGMZODDLS->We bought this a little over a month ago. On day 1 the wireless dropped the signal multiple times. Ever since, it drops the wireless signal over and over and over again. Bought this for my wife to use for online school. The wireless drops in the middle of her projects, homework assignments, tests, etc. I've never come across such a terrible wifi card. It just cannot stay connected. WOW. It's bad. Bad bad bad! Why, Dell? WHY???
Don't buy this machine! If you value being able to use the internet, DON'T BUY THIS LAPTOP!
R38C5EBW6SK1QP->All as described, and more, great buy. Very satisfied with purchase as well as Amazon. Better than brick and mortar.
R3SP7JUWNZ83NV->Very Wide and a little on the heavy side, It's responsive out of the box but upgraded to an SSD. The CD/DVD drive can be replaced by a slim hardrive caddy (Not a 12.7mm but a 9.5mm). It only has one RAM slot.
R3O55TNDVKJTEM->Like the size, style and weight
R1VLY2Y9SEEOOX->Granted my computer needs are comparatively simple, this one exceeds expectations.
R3SDF07NCUA8H2->Working  perfectly
RZN7AAWH3ZBD8->My son is very happy the the new dell as a Freshman in college .
R17SOVFRZLMJ1M->The Wi-Fi on this computer is Real bad. The Bluetooth loses connection with the mouse constantly. Do not buy this computer. It is not worth the money.
R96R4RT6PJ92P->Sucks so bad
R1CW059JSMIO9O->Laptop is slow. Having problems connecting to Internet. Do not have the time to continually troubleshoot problems.
R2H3RLW8N0A7IT->Had to send laptop back for many reasons. The wireless kept going out on it and as soon as I opened it out of the box and installed windows 10 it had a virus on it and I couldn't get passed the virus. To my knowledge this was not a refurbished laptop so not really sure what went wrong with this computer. But mainly sent it back because it wouldn't keep a wireless connection.
R3GJVZXRCQYGND->She likes it
R3536ZI120JAGO->I have changed this model once but even after replacement I am experiencing wifi issues. The wifi is getting off automatically and every time I need to do trouble shooting. Many times it is showing that no network is available. Its really frustrating. I won't recommend this model to anybody. I am going to return it.
R2K7FFJQ4EBBHI->up and running....adapting to Windows 10
R3GNJKT2Q67DJP->Great price. Good enough memory and touch screen is a plus. Runs fast. My only complaint is the speakers. They suck!! There's constant feedback. The packaging also could have been a little better. It could have been damaged. So if you're looking for a student laptop or something to store your music and pictures its great for the price. But if you need something with good speakers then this one isn't the one for you.
R3J1GZMUFJ1M01->Great computer for the money
R2ALVSGUFBPUCE->I want to love it...and I would if it worked properly! I've only had it for about 1 month and the speakers are already blown!!! I do not blast crazy loud music, or anything else. But suddenly today, the speakers have started making tons of loud &#34;blown speaker&#34; crackling noise when any audio plays. (From any number of different audio files/programs.) And, almost every single day, multiple times per day, it decides to turn off my wifi adapter at random times. Such a pain in the butt.
Horrible. :(
R1D1RI5WW7G34U->TERRIBLE.  I have a older dell laptop and it was fine.  I have had this for 3 hours and am not happy.  The ergonomics on this new model are terrible. UPDATE: MORE ISSUES - The wifi has been unreliable and drops out for no reason.  In addition, I cannot write DVDs.  I am able to read them, but everyone I try to write one, the process hangs about 75% of the way through.
The track-pad is all one piece so the location of the buttons and how it reacts is fraught with issues.  Keep getting accidental selections or the pad thinking I am right left clicking rather than right - even when I am intentionally place my hands to left click.  The mouse just seems to have a mind of its own...
The case has hard edges so if you rest your hands near the edge, your hands feel like they are digging into the sides.
I am going to give it another day...
Windows 8.1 is a whole other disaster coming from Windows 7 but most already know that.
R9LF7JQETDB1D->Wow. This thing really, really sucks. I've had it for about a day and it's already crashed 10 times.
R3014GB9UMW0EU->I just got this computer today. I might update it to windows 10 as I have used it before and I liked it. I will make a disk backup first however. Now the one thing I really dislike so far is the power plug. The newer power plugs are L shaped so they do not stick out so far from the computer. This  computer plug sticks out very far from the computer. Seems backwards to me. The screen I like and the screen is bright enough. The touch screen works very good. I tried Hydro Thunder via touch and it worked well enough. The track pad is good. I used it and had no issues with it..
My other nit pick is the lack of lights on the front. It has one power button on the front that lights up. It has no hard drive active light on it. The lid is textured on the front and plain when you open it up. It has little to no start up nag programs. Just the basics. No trial stuff like anti virus that will expire in 30days. So thats a big plus. The keyboard feels a little mushy to me. Its good just not great. This is a good all purpose computer. It is not a gaming machine. I bought this computer for work and play. To buy a laptop that can play the top of the line games would require me to spend a lot more then I would like. I spent $417 and for a new gaming laptop would be double this if not more.
The hard drive speed is average. I should add that the setup was very easy.  I could find no dead pixels. So far so good. The one other thing that might bug people is the display has a lot of flex to it. Doesnt feel super tough. Should be fine. I would open it up by the middle part only. Adults should have no issues with this kids and anyone who is tough on computers may want to look elsewhere. I did try a video game just to see what kind of performance I would get. I played F1 2014 on this laptop because I can benchmark it. Native resolution, almost all settings to low. The result was a frames per second of 24.The system requirements for this game. Intel Core 2 Duo @ 2.4Ghz and Memory: 2 GB RAM. I did manage to get 26fps with the more memory at all settings to low. Still running strong. Mousepad is a complaint for others I think its fine. Speakers are about average for a laptop.
Updated: I recently went and bought an 8gb memory card. It makes the game run a few frames better at 26fps so it does help with games.
R220S9S5YQG9DF->So far so good Very fast for the money 1 gig storage great  Think screen colors pretty darn good Think great buy for money so far!
R21PVQE5R2AYSC->Do not repeat Do not buy this Dell laptop. It is clunky, slow, win 8 is a horrible mess, the display isn't sharp its back light a nuisance
You'll regret it, I promise you.
Buy Apple, buy a used Apple, but not Dell.
R1NLI44NZ7IE02->Great value.
RTX2F8R23PI1S->I love it,  very easy to work, I'm a OLDER Lady and  learning a Lot. The touch screen  help Me  most .
If your Young or OLDER you will Love this  Lap top  .
R3BSUM24SGSY4W->great product
RUPP8WRA6LXVH->The laptop arrived on time and looked brand new. Unfortunately I cannot give this laptop a 5 star rating as the built in network card is complete and total garbage. You will be lucky to get signal unless your right against your router.
R2LBFWJXHFYCRL->Buttons are a bit funky, this Dell is not as well made as my last Dell (purchased 5 years ago).
I think my next laptop will NOT be a Dell~
R29N0UDE1PQAPC->Unreliable  and nonfrills.  This laptop is my 4th Dell Inspiron and was marketed as having the necessary bells and whistles yet reliability in the software and hardware is terrible.  The laptop constantly looses WiFi signal then c a no find any WiFi on my home network.  There are several other WiFi enabled devices that are connected, something is just wrong with this laptop.  I plan on returning this laptop.
R20CJ90U5ROOLG->Enjoy. Just weight big drawback but love otherwise
R4AWL01UCXW1K->Fast and good machine. I'm not crazy about the way the mouse pad works but I also haven't had time to check it out either. I'm not crazy about windows 10 and the way it functions but that is no reflection on the hardware. Sound could be significantly louder though. Easy to use and get started with. No issues at this time. I like the touch screen feature and the battery life is really good. Nice size screen too.
R4VSW447D9JT1->Upgraded from an old Vista OS to this Windows 8.1. Set up of wireless printer and mouse was relatively easy for someone without a lot of experience. Touch screen is easy to use. Windows 10 upgradeable and intend to upgrade sooner than planned. Must confess I also purchased Windows for Dummies Senior and Cheat Sheet as references but that's another review.
R1TQ101R0EC36I->I am happy with your product.
R2V2WY726X5FLX->No problems since I got it.  Runs fast and smoothly.  Would recommend to anyone
R331677P4YCHS0->This dell felt in the hand like a cheap HP wife bought from Walmart for $200. could not see it holding up to my daily use so I sent it back! Not a fan of window 10 either. return was easy with little hassle. I won't buy without hands on shopping again!
R1P7TMNO65JS88->Love this laptop!
R19QDQRRQ6U0DS->I am so happy on my purchase of my Del lap computer.
R1QVZ88BZDPMWE->Item received on time, setup perfectly, updated to win 10 perfectly.  Then when I tried to change ownership to my grand daughter as user, it locked up and would not boot.  Absolutely no help from Microsoft, then more than 1 hour plus with Dell tech on line still no boot.  Great help from Dell,  absolutely none from Microsoft.  Amazon return was handled with usually excellence.
R314YVAZ8BIVNX->Is good, but i can hear the speaker, and i have to use  the touchscream because the keyboard dont  work propely, other then that, is good!
R3SOFTZD48NHT1->Suitable for my work needs. ..pretty fast no problems with lagging or response. I will say the screen could be crisper,  I had to make adjustments to sharpness brightness and contrast. ..but that's OK Suitable everything else...
RTS8JWBSGJYNL->For the most part, I am pleased with this purchase. I am able to do everything I like and accomplish the needed tasks. I don't like the touch screen, but I can disable it. The laptop is bigger then I'm used to, however it is pretty thon and light so it balances out. The only akward part is the placement of the mouse. Other then that, this computer will do until my next purchase. If you are looking for a reasonable priced computer with disk drive, usb ports, able to connect to the internet and nice sceen for viewing movies etc, this is the computer for you.
R1AV2WXNDR1DBI->Problems with DVD, needs up grade did not expect. Sound  issues. Need more time with the lap top hopefully no more issues than already stated.
R2LKLCA7O13KX2->This is a great value for the laptop. I bought it for my 14 year old child and because his school required it. It has plenty of space and thermos for school stuff. I would not recommend this for a &#34;gamer&#34; since it's probably going to need more space. You truly can't go wrong. At the end of the day if he uses it for a couple of years I more than got my money's worth. Would work great for a small business portable too.
R3146O63OQZKG9->So far so good! I am currently using my Dell Inspiron and it is easy to use. Set up was great and accessing the different features is also great! No issues with delivery. 2 thumbs up!
R1JIN3D1YPPEJU->Laptop is outstanding!
R3FV4KIFZVZBHX->Great Price, capable machine ADD an 8 GIG stick from Amazon (NOT DELL) for 30.00 and consider upgrading to an SSD vice the hard drive this i3 unit will perform better than a i7at half the cost.
R9U7237WZU6DH->This is my first laptop ever, Iv'e had it for almost a week now and use it daily. I am pretty pleased with the speed of it, and the features. The touch screen is nice, I have burned a music CD with it too..and it was rather fast and worked perfectly. My only complaint and the reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because I like to lay in bed and do things online (like write this review ) and it would be nice to have a backlit keyboard. I am a decent typer...however, when the lights are out and Im looking for a symbol or something I don't use all the time, it can be a bit of a pain.
R14P3E90XDAJMP->Great for the money
R1ZEMN221EH3ZI->Very nice laptop - easy set-up
R28028N1FAT1H5->sick computer
R2741OFUVW275G->Love it but returning because it has no sound. must have a damaged sound card
R83IY90Z1TPZJ->I am fed up with dell
R3M6HD0XE8K0IX->Bought for gift. All I know is it works & looks great
R30VIO981PZS5V->I just purchased this laptop and it's been out of the box for less than 24 hours. I'm really liking it so far and will update if there are any major issues in the next few weeks or months. I'm writing this review to list a few likes and dislikes that I think will be helpful for people to know who are considering buying this laptop.
LIKES (so far):
-It was really easy to update to Windows 10 right after the laptop arrived. I was prompted towards the beginning of the start-up to upgrade, but I chose to wait until after making a 8.1 recovery USB. After that I searched for an update and was again given the option to upgrade to Windows 10. The whole process took less than an hour.
-The rounded edge below the keyboard and touch pad. If you rest your hands on your laptop a lot it is easy to notice the difference between this and other edges that feel sharp and like they're digging into your skin.
-The touch-screen responds to my touch fast and is a great option to have, especially when I don't have a mouse around.
DISLIKES (so far):
-This is on me for not researching this laptop better before purchasing it, but after using it for a few hours I noticed a black border around my desktop that worried me. I thought something was wrong with my new laptop! I frantically searched online for answers and discovered the black border is normal, and just part of the design of the PC. If you're picky about the way your display looks you might want to pass on this laptop, if that black border sounds like something that would get on your nerves. Right after I discovered it was not the display acting up I stopped noticing it while using the computer. It's very easy to get used to, but it was a surprise I could have done without and I might not have purchased the laptop if I knew about it beforehand.
-The speakers are not great. Adequate, but pretty &#34;blah.&#34;
RNV2HQJSG4DDL->I was almost disappointed when i saw an advertisment for  a 2 n 1 dell computer for $349  and I paid $400  but I am happy with what i have.  It arrived when it said it would and it helps my needs.  Would love the Windows 10 though
R2J5G644NLH2VE->More then what I expected and perfect for my son.
R3EQAW9PWXI0OW->Goooood
R3H9RURM6X6YVK->i love the operating system in that it is so user friendly it is such a nice laptop that I think it should sell for $800!  the only thing is that its a bit slow.
R2WWXUC34IXK3L->I bought this laptop for my business, primarily for email and internet searches with occasional media/social networking and photo storage. This is one of the newest models of Dell laptops, comes with latest 5th generation processors (and graphics engines).  I find the 5th generation processor, upgraded graphics and 4GB memory is more than adequate. The screen allows for comfortable viewing without being so large that carrying it around becomes a burden. Screen is crisp and colors true. It has three usb ports and more than enough memory for basic uses and photo storage. It has a nice clean look and is a comfortable weight for its size. While this might fall short for the avid gamer, it fits my needs perfectly with plenty of memory and speed to spare. All this at an amazingly low price, less than the cost of a high end smart phone, makes this a top rated value for anyone looking for an affordable general use notebook. Dells are usually quality products, I highly recommend this model.
RGMY1HUT01H4Z->very good laptop indeed.
