R2MHKBFEW6EB39->None
RP907T8XVZ7EQ->I have this for a little while now and I really like it.  I don't usually buy Dell as I find them over priced but on Amazon it seemed like a good deal.  But don't you know a day or so later it was running with a $50 off incentive.  Always happens. :)
I likely won't use it for anything very powerful (as in programs) but so far it is great at cruising the Internet and MS Office document writing, editing, etc.
Windows 10 is easy to use and generally I like it as well.
R25FIUS1YOHU6X->I really love how lightweight this laptop is, as well as the visual quality.  The one adjustment I'm struggling with is how sensitive the touchscreen is, and how frequently it switches between tablet and laptop mode.  Overall, my picky husband is impressed by this little machine and I love it!
RX5YQ1PQLXQ2W->None
R4YSBG2NKU51G->I got this &quot;laptop&quot; about a year ago. From the very beginning, the laptop had some small quirks, but I didn't mind them because otherwise it worked pretty well. The touchpad is pretty dismal, but the keyboard isnt that bad. (I would definitely have a mouse) the glitches included freezing up probably at least once every 2 weeks, sometimes more, the screen rotating into portrait mode and locking in that mode, the desktop icons randomly moving, and (since windows 10) when put into tablet mode, sometimes the keyboard won't lock!!! While all that was frustrating, it worked relativley well. It had awesome storage for movies, all my pictures, etc. And it was also extremely portable and battery was relativley good. But, about 2 days ago I was about to start watching some netflix, when all of the sudden the screen rotated and locked in portrait mode!! So, I tried to no avail to fix it in the settings. I then proceeded to shut it down, and when I tried to turn it back on, it wouldn't boot. Yep. So, I took it to a repair shop, and apparently the hard drive failed!!! Thank god I still have a warrenty on it, just in case, but as a student, I have multiple applications and documents on my hard drive that were extremely inmportant that I need this weekend!!! I am so angry about this horrid laptop and I do NOT  recommend buying at at any cost!!
R264YXC6MES5XL->None
R1CLU8K8XJIVA6->Very affective with quality sound
R2M2BBKPWAKWGC->None
R1GWY5OOIBG6GS->None
R20K8NC2O4W2P7->The first one we ordered had to be sent back it kept freezing but we got a quick replacement.  It's working fine and is very portable. It's fast and so far no other problems
RBEK4OP70TAY0->this is perfect for music, streaming or downloading videos, and typing documents. but nothing else. it is a bit small. great for basic use.
R3CLBSEBGKB4HG->This laptop is good for day to day basic usage..I felt display is not that great..but for this price it is doing what supposed to do..I am satisfied with the purchase.
R1MCKJ4G53VT0Q->None
R38AKT3F8D57IS->None
RL1UEKT1E150W->i am not suggest this model it is too worst mainly the battery dry quickly and over heated with in a minutes finally it have no strength to receive wifi signals very poor one
R2CJSNLLZ76TN2->None
R2HDIIW3LHAQH->Best buy ever
R17NUC9LC7FPNL->None
R1EC3ZXI6A8E0X->None
R1ZM3LRKQT5KG6->Overall decent for 400 bucks. It is a bit on the slower side but for school and office work its fine. Streaming media like YouTube and Netflix is fine.
Be sure to install the Dell Support option. Then let it install the updates...this fixes mouse pad issues.
An unusual feature is ability to replace parts like ram and hard drive. Not sure if this applies to the battery but probably does. Also has standard HDMI out port.
RLCRO3X2IZ2IZ->None
R3G02K7FOSULKL->So far, this has been a pretty good computer. The touchpad doesn't work for a few seconds sometimes, maybe because the wireless Bluetooth mouse is plugged in and turned on.
It's easy to use, lightweight, and capable of doing everything I need. Just a few glitches with the touchpad.
R181M1PDURRKQL->Some of the letters on the keyboard stopped working after a month.  The letters would only start working after an hour or two when the computer was warmed up.  Be prepare for a lack of customer service.  Called Customer Support which is located in India.  They are extremely pleasant and polite but know nothing of computers.  My last call took them one hour to order me a box to ship the computer to the repair shop.  It took them 15 minutes to find the repair shop's phone number.  Their emails always ask for a best time to call which they never adhere to.  It appears their normal call back times are at 9 p.m. no matter what one lists as a call back time.
RVEYLWE8W6ZI->None
RM4PV0G3HRU6L->None
R37IP5V38CV1N6->None
RXZ1W894V2D1J->I bought this Dell product because I read good reviews of it ! However , after setting up my computer , I kept getting disconnected from the Internet and I got a limited access message on the computer screen. It would take about 20 minutes for the computer to actually connect to the Internet and sometimes more. The Internet at home is working right so I called Dell support ! I explained them what the issue was and the Dell representative kept me on the phone for about 2 hours just to tell me at the end that my computer had a hardware malfunction and in order to fix the issue I had to pay about one hundred dollars more ! I don't know if I got unlucky for getting a defective product ! But I do know that I am very dissapointed on Dell products and Dell support ! It is just a trap to get more money ! I will never buy a Dell product again.
RYBWLITK79RVB->None
R3FJRCADD7ROCY->None
R3NJHXD3TISW1H->I purchased from a different retailer at an awesome price of $250, at that price point this is an awesome 2 in 1 laptop. This is not the lightest laptop, this is not the fastest, the mousepad is not very responsive, it does get a bit warm. But for me, it's just right, here's why, this is not my primary workhorse, I wanted this so I can have something portable for me and the kids to use. At one point I charged this and stored in the closet for almost a month, when I opened it, it powered up instantly from standby mode. It still had almost a full charge! I found that the weakness of the mousepad is easily fixed with an external mouse or just using the touch screen.
I do have one big issue, I purchased this with the plan of putting an SSD drive to improve performance, however, I can't seem to clone the drive with the included Dell software or other brands. Dell does not include an install disk so I can't install from a blank disk with is unfortunate. Maybe windows 10 will have something...
R1MZRBRF5PDG2X->None
R34S6QWUH63HVT->None
R3UFDWL6DUAOHP->None
RLM25BW4FSHBA->None
RLL7G3M4N939K->Alright so far except it is not set up for 5G wireless. Even my very old computers and tablets are. I was also a little upset when the price WAS LOWERED $50 dollars the day after I ordered mine.
R31G0I6DAGBG95->None
R1S9LBH158F5RP->None
