R3FY5PYFH92JR0->Absolutely the worst laptop ever. Returned it immediately.
R1FBZBVXWCIS2G->Purchased this for a non-savvy person in the family as something to replace an old laptop.  Frankly, it is slow to the point of maddening.  Better than what she had, and I have not had to &#34;fix&#34; it for her, but s.l.o.w.
R1YN3SGPZ0MFCF->Work has forced me to switch from mac to pc.  I don't have any bias against pc, have always just preferred the mac platform for my needs.  I bought this to replace a 7 year old macbook.  I expected the processing speeds to be faster, or at minimum, the same as my overloaded, well used macbook.  This thing is much slower.  The track pad is unresponsive and irritating to use.  The screen hinge is way tight.  Opening and adjusting the screen angle is a two hand chore.  I was excited to have a new windows platform, but Im left disappointed.
R9NR1XAASM0VU->I just bought it....but its asking for password... dose any1 know the pass word
R2TYLTTR6RNO8X->This is my first time purchasing a refurbished unit. I am a little bit concerned at the beginning. But now I am totally fine since the laptop is just like new! The cover is clean and texture feels durable. The 15-inch screen size is perfect for me. Typing on the keyboard is enjoyable. The touchpad also works great. It also has manufacturer warranty on it. I only paid $300 for this wonderful laptop! Unbelievable!
R2D4EZQSDIZMVD->This is a decent laptop for the price. I really have no other
complaints and this computer works fast and fits my needs. The
processor is not the fastest one in the market but it’s more than
enough of handling my work.
R3NHOI9JW0CWPR->Good value for the money, and great brand to stand behind it! It mees
all my needs for light weighted laptop with a 15 inch screen. I got it
two weeks ago and didn’t have any problem with it. I am glad that I
chose this model among other options.
R2GQJGDFCM73VM->The computer works great. We satisfied with this Dell laptop. Compared
to the Asus we've got in the fall 2014, I would prefer this one. It
looks like new. I didn’t feel it’s refurbished since there is no sign
of use. Great laptop & good deal for the price.
