R29RLEPIY0ZGR9->Great device, fast and reliable. Couldnt have been happier for the price and the i3 processor in it.
R3N4S8O62QQ08Y->Overall, I would say that it functions well as the price is just great.
R1X451MTOH2XVV->Excellent value at $350 especially with a full HD screen!  Intel i3 with 5th gen CPU has enough horsepower for most non-gaming needs.  4GB is also sufficient if not exactly spacious, but it's a lead pipe cinch to add another 4GB -- remove one screw and open the door on the back, takes one minute, literally.  Only real negative is the HDD, a 5400 RPM no less.  HDDs are slower than molasses in January so I'd strongly recommend yanking the HDD and installing an SSD.  You can get the Crucial BX100 250GB right here for $80.  250GB not enough?  The 500 GB is around $160.  Then delete McAfee (a massive pig) and other bloatware, and you'll have a laptop that boots up in mere seconds. Warning: Installing the SSD is substantially more complicated. If you aren't comfortable taking apart a laptop and tinkering with its parts, then get a friend to do it who is. The reward is worth it.
R19DVC057LZD12->Very good computer  works great good service from Amazon
R3FXTVB428XZ3U->As an entry-level laptop, this one is very good.  It has a nice screen, decent build quality, and is fast enough for every-day tasks.
For starters and clarification, I'm reviewing the Core i3 version that comes with Windows 10.  Additionally, it's somewhat confusing to figure out, but this laptop has 4GB RAM pre-installed, but still has a single accessible and open slot for more RAM.  The previous reviews I read were somewhat confusing as some said there's an open slot and others said the RAM is soldered in.  I think both are true, as the 4GB built in is not accessible via the small cover on the bottom of the laptop, but when you remove that cover, you find an empty slot.  The manual installed on the PC itself is more current than the one you find via the ASUS support pages.  Unfortunately it doesn't list the max RAM specs, although I've found info that says the max RAM is 12GB, which means you could install an additional 8GB in the empty slot.
For what it is, it's reasonably fast and Windows 10 works great on the limited CPU and memory.  The full-HD screen is a definite improvement over standard resolution screens, and it's nice to be able to see more of web pages and applications.  My son has a very similar laptop he got last year, which has the previous gen i3 processor, same amount of RAM and Windows 8.  They run similarly, but since his has a touchscreen, Windows 8 isn't all that bad on his.  I'd prefer this laptop with Windows 10, a higher resolution screen, and the newer generation processor.  My point in all this is that the price is in-line with what you get.
As for the build, you'll find this laptop is lighweight for its size, and the plastic shell will flex in the center of it whether you're simply typing, or picking it up.  The texture does a great job of resisting fingerprints and it's more subtle than I thought it would be.  I found that the keyboard misses keys more often than I'd like, particularly with using the spacebar with my right thumb.  I think part of that might be due to the flex of the shell.
The &#34;ice-cool&#34; feature works, although it's nothing that is groundbreaking.  I've had other laptops that don't heat up all that much, too.  Otherwise, it is quiet and keeps relatively cool when using.  The power cord brick is more like an iPad charger than a typical laptop charger, plus the cord is fairly short since it's only one piece.  It's nice for travelling, but short to route behind a desk or around obstacles like couches or chairs.
While I wouldn't necessarily want to work on this laptop all day long, it's plenty good enough to use on the couch, for the kids' homework, and other simple tasks.  The price ($350 at time of writing) seems fairly well in-line with entry level laptops as well.
R1O4ZT0IGHY9ED->Very happy customer.
RI9KNJ6DY9DTR->This laptop serves all my needs and expectations for a low priced laptop with generous features -- 802,11ac, bluetooth, gigabit ethernet, win 10 preinstalled, full hd screen,even vga out. But I can not imagine using this computer for any number of years, day in and day out, without some kind of status indicator for caps lock and num lock. There is nothing, not even feedback at the instant of toggle which could warn of an accidental toggle, a not uncommon occurrence.
Otherwise, I would rate this maybe 3 stars. The keyboard is inconsistent with too frequent key presses not recording. The touchpad is inconsistent with the two fingered gestures for scrolling and resizing.
R33QKNUCEVM0ZQ->great computer; very easy to use; loving Windows 10
R1MWNYY3YCVWE4->Overall excellent buy, would purchase again. When I called Asus customer service they picked up on the first ring and provided an answer fixing the problem over the phone. The only reason I took off a star is the screen does not provide a good view when one is not directly in front of the computer.
REB3N8XIAPPUD->This is an entry level laptop.  The case itself looks good.  No gaps, and no excessive flexing evident.  The keyboard has a good feel.  No back light, however.  This computer does not run hot at all.  It remains very comfortable sitting on your lap with even extended periods of use.  The 500GB HD is fast enough.  It is not excessively noisy.  The screen is striking!  It is HD.  I have not seen this before at this price point.  Very nice touch.  The built in speakers produce decent sound.  Watching a movie on this machine is very enjoyable.
This machine has an i3 Intel processor.  Unless you are a serious gamer, this laptop should meet the needs of most users.  I do intend to add some RAM to mine (apparently the Kingston HyperX Impact Black 8GB 1600MHz DDR3L CL9 SODIMM 1.35V Laptop Memory (HX316LS9IB/8) is the unit needed), and I believe this inexpensive modification (&#60;$42) will improve performance considerably.  All the software I installed (Office, PS6, Norton) runs fine.  PS6 takes longer to load and process images than on my older i7 Vaio, but remember, this is an i3 processor.  The battery seems to last around 3 hours.  I have not messed with all the power management options yet.  This may extend battery life.
Overall, this is the nicest entry level laptop I have ever owned.  I stop by Best Buy once in a while and check out the latest computers.  There is nothing there near this price point that even approaches this laptop in overall value.  If you are not a serious gamer and do not work with large graphics files, this might just be the best solution for your new laptop requirement.
R3M6QAIKOORWOK->When you buy a laptop at this price point, you're probably fully aware of what you're getting and what you're not getting.  For instance, this this particular Asus laptop, you're not getting the best quality screen - but, quite honestly, for casual computing, movies and such, it looks great.  And there are some other things you may be missing out on.  Comparing it to a IPS/Retina display, of course, and it's going to lose...but you could have a pile of these for the price of something with a Retina display.
Another example is the memory - you get 4GB soldered onto the motherboard.  While this was fine for the casual web browsing, movie watching, and office style applications, I had an extra 4GB, put it in, and now at 8GB it's that much better - and an easy upgrade!  The case isn't the most durable thing in the world - but you can get a case for it.
So for the price point, what are you getting?  An excellent laptop, with a good looking screen, perhaps-enough-but-easily-upgradeable RAM, a DVD burner, video out via VGA (those old 15 pin connectors that nobody should be using anymore) and HDMI...really, you're getting everything, including a great (albeit &#34;budget&#34;) processor in the i3, which is still more powerful than other processors out there.  But yes, it is lacking some things.  The hard disc is the old, magnetic (not SSD) and sluggish 5400RPM.  The DVD reads and writes DVDs and CDs, but it's not BluRay.
For what you get (and even what you don't get) in this machine, it's a great machine for a good price from a reputable company.  I wouldn't have much hesitation for most casual users, including heavy tablet users that actually want a better &#34;computing&#34; experience and keyboard and more flexibility (and size, of course) built in.  High school and college students (at least those not taking computing intensive courses like graphic design, video editing, and/or computer science) should find this machine more than meets their needs.  All in all, a very nice machine that I'd recommend.
R3EYJC1KPDAIJY->Was a great buy for me, and works very well!
RQLDO9KV4DOZG->Could not access my email.was no use to me returned it.
R3T6YXXPUA2S04->Sofar it worked fine for me. I design microprocessors for living, so know a thing or two about how they should perform. For $350 the construction/feel is excellent.The cpu is fantastic. I haven't explored windows 10 fully so cant make any comment on it. Even with flash running in all windows, it is surprisingly cool, unlike the apple laptop which blasts the fan like a tornado and the laptop becomes a personal heater (some thing apple needs to address). The only complaint is the Macaffe antivirus which some times just hogs the cpu resources ( which again intel should address as they own it now.
R38MB3Z0IRHG5J->This review is for the ASUS F555LA i3 with 4GB Ram and  500GB HD.
At the price point in the current market, this laptop is a good value for potential purchasers who are interested in utilization for activities such as email, office productivity applications, Skype video calls, surfing the internet, listening to music and less intensive video streaming like Netflix or Amazon Video. While the dual core i3 processors are quite proficient and video capability at 1920 x1080 screen resolution is featured, I don’t believe anyone whose needs require support for upper tier functionality for video rendering, system intensive gaming or other CPU dominating applications would find the capabilities of this very affordable, competitively configured laptop.
The laptop has two USB 3.0 Ports (one designated for fast charging), an additional USB 2.0 port, 802.11ac wireless adapter, HDMI out port, VGA monitor port, DVD optical drive, Ethernet port, Buetooth, memory card reader, microphone and audio jacks and a VGA web cam and SonicMaster enhanced stereo speakers. The 500GB 5400rpm SATA HDD is adequate although obviously a disappointment for buyers who would prefer solid state drives.
With the Windows 10 Home edition operating system with Cortana assist and Microsoft Edge browser, 4GB memory is probably the minimum I would want to have available. As with any new OS, Windows 10 will take a bit of time to become comfortable with however the integration of the infuriating aspects of the tablet OS clone of  8.x seems tolerable. I haven’t really spent enough time with Edge to comment and IE ( that I don’t use) is also available as a pre-installed deliverable. Naturally, it is infested with bloatware like trial versions of MacAfee Security and Avast Secure Line although less encompassing than you may find with many other manufacturers.
Some potential purchasers may be put off by its’ weight at about 5lbs but I don’t find that heft to be out of line with a range of devices at similar or even appreciably higher costs. I like the aesthetics of the textured black composite cover as well as the textured gray interior bed, both of which will serve as a deterrent to smudges. It has to be mentioned there are some compromises some potential purchasers might find germane like the sponginess of the non-backlit chiclet style keyboard, especially in the area over the optical drive. As it turns out, there is a total absence of illumination as even the power, CAPS/NUM lock buttons and the optical drive lack any sort of illumination feature.  The keyboard is responsive but no one is ever going to mistake it for a mechanical.
 The touchpad is one piece, not overly sensitive (as compared say, with the Toshiba) and initially a little disconcerting with the audible click whenever depressed.  I wasn’t enamored originally with the aspect of the non-removal battery or the difficulty of accessing the internal HD for possible replacement however I accept some compromises are required to provide the level of features available with this unit and still keep it at an attractive price. Then there are conveniences that are intriguing but I know I will never use personally like ASUS Smart gesture, where touchpad response can be configured to react in different manners based on the number of fingers applied to the touchpad or the availability of an app downloadable to a mobile device to allow the user to control the PC through Bluetooth.
This not a touch screen device and personally, I have little desire for one so that’s not at all a factor for me.  However, once again with an eye towards acquisition costs, the existences of the full HD display with Intel HD graphics control at this price level is impressive, even if in actual use the distinctiveness of this 15.6” non IPS screen as compared to the 1366 x 768 display on my comparably sized much higher priced Toshiba L55 was not significant. In a simultaneous streaming comparison Netflix programming, the ASUS was just okay with a slight bit of delay which I attributed to the vast difference in processor capabilities but the on screen quality was in my opinion a toss-up.
 The ASUS may have had a slight bit of over-saturation, something correctable via software as I gain greater familiarity with it, but it was neither grainy nor lacking sharpness.  I’m obsessive but I only did a “this one then that one” comparison rather than side by side of a retail DVD and I didn’t notice any significant differences in the quality of display on either machine. However, Windows 10 DOES NOT include any DVD media playing program so you either need to get one from the app store or have another resource available to you.
Impressions of audio efficiency will forever be diverse and I tend to fall on side of being underwhelmed. Such is the case here but once again I don’t need a particularly big scorecard to note the number of times I have depended on the base PC for music playback. Unsurprisingly with a 2.0 stereo speaker set up the mid-ranges are decent but in the upper and lower ranges, there’s much to be desired.
So, after evaluating the features available with this model unless there are specific needs that demand a more sophisticated setup, this ASUS model warrants genuine consideration.
R1VHR05WJ0RLVC->Very good computer I like it, good for the price thanks.
R1GAGB8ZC2CK4N->This Asus F555LA-AB31 is a very good budget / low-end laptop. With Windows 10 pre-installed, all you have to do when you first power it up is to go through a few setup screens (choosing the Express or the Customize Settings option [I chose the latter because the former uses default settings that have potential privacy impact that I'd like to retain control over]).  Even with choosing the Customize Settings scenario (which only involved specifying my preferred values for a dozen or so settings), I was done with the setup process in less than 30 minutes.
The laptop weighs about 5 pounds, is an inch thick, and has dimensions of 10 inches x 15 inches.  The exterior is mostly black-color plastic but the sleek finishing gives it an attractive brushed-metal look.
The CPU for this laptop uses Intel's fifth generation i3 dual core processor, which uses slightly less power than earlier generation processors.  The graphics card is the Intel HD 5500 which is better than the previous generation Intel HD 4400.
The laptop comes with 4GB of RAM, which is sufficient for non-demanding tasks, such as web browsing and surfing, emailing, watching DVDs, and reasonably-sized document writing and editing tasks (note, however, that this laptop does not come with Microsoft Office), and together with the Intel HD 5500-powered graphics capability, should be good enough for playing non-demanding PC games. You can add as much as 8GB of additional RAM to bring the total to a maximum of 12GB of RAM, however.
For file storage, the laptop uses a slowish 5400rpm 500GB hard drive, which comes already partitioned into a C: and a D: drive, which in the laptop that I received had capacities of 185 and 279 GB, respectively.
You can connect to the Internet using either a wired (Gigabit Ethernet LAN 10/100/1000) or wireless (WiFi 802.11ac which is faster than the 802.11n, but requires a 5GHz-band-capable access point) connection.
The laptop's 15.6 inch LCD display has no IPS (for wide-angled viewing) or touch support, but its matte finish and crispy 1920×1080-pixel Full HD resolution is better than what can usually be found (today) in similarly priced low-end laptops' displays. The audio is also very good, not tinny at all.
Other notable features include a full-size but non-backlit keyboard with numeric pad, touchpad with integrated click buttons, a DVD reader writer drive, basic 0.3MP VGA video conferencing camera, two USB 3.0 and one USB 2.0 connector, both HDMI and VGA external display outputs, a combo microphone / headphones audio jack, multi-in-one-format media card reader, and Bluetooth 4.0
The battery life is about 4-5 hours, but your mileage may vary depending on the demandingness of the tasks being performed and other things such as the brightness level you're using for your display, etc.  In my testing involving almost continuous viewing of Amazon Prime videos in medium display brightness setting, I was able to get a little over 4 hours of usage before I needed to recharge the battery.  At the end of the 4-hour+ testing period, the fan had not been triggered and the palm-rest area was not even warm.
There is not much bloatware but it also doesn't come with even a media player for watching movie DVDs.  For this, I decided to download the no-cost VLC Media Player for Windows from the VideoLan website directly (you can download the app from the Windows Store also, but I opted not to do that).
Overall, I think this Asus F555LA-AB31 offers very good value for the relatively low price.
R3174Z068K94Y0->The HD 1080p and core i3 combined at this price is good. In fact, "at this price" factors into all the features. It is comfortable to use. The keyboard comes closer than most laptops I have used at feeling like a desktop keyboard. That's a plus for me. The numeric keypad works well. The big negative to the keyboard is that there are no indicator lights for the number lock or the caps lock. That is disappointing.
The picture is quite good and HD. The sound (without earphones) is surprisingly strong. With 4 GB and 500 GB, this is plenty sizable for most home and some business use. And, it comes with a R/W DVD. (I can't get it to open via the button and have to go to the File Explorer and do an "eject". That works fine.)
Wifi works well, Bluetooth does as well and it easily connected wirelessly to my HP printer. All of the setup went flawlessly. Windows 10, of course, is a matter of personal taste. I am getting used to it and miss Windows 7 less and less. A feature that ASUS advertises for this is the IceCool feature that keeps the palm rest area of the keyboard cool. I don't know that I ever noticed my hands getting hot on other laptops, but this one is certainly not warm to the touch at all. Perhaps that would be most noticeable by those who type all day.
This certainly seems to be worth the money and has features you would expect to pay more for. This would be well suited for students who are not power users and for normal home use. I am not a gamer, so I don't know how well it would work for that. Overall, I am pleased with how this works. Five stars for price/feature value, less some for the lack of keyboard indicator lights and optical drive opener problem. Really 4.5 stars, and I rounded up.
RIASM2BOGV725->My rating of 4 stars = I Like It is based on judging it for the uses it is intended to handle (see below) and I didn't give it 5 stars due to the screen being not the greatest. This is an affordable option for those whose needs match it's abilities.
The screen is decent when viewed from directly in front. If you move even three inches to either side the colors skew and it blackens. If it tips a half inch forward or back the view is not right. This is important to know if two people are trying to watch a streaming video on the laptop, for example, something some people do while traveling or when hooking the laptop to a home TV screen via HDMI cable is not possible.
The Intel Core i3 processor helps keep the price low but it limits your use of the laptop.This is not adequate for rendering photos such as digitally altering photos in Photoshop or if rendering video when editing video to create video shorts.
This laptop is best used by one person for basic web surfing, streaming video for one person to view, for checking email,and for using word processor or spreadsheet programs.
If you have a need for a faster processing speed or want a higher quality screen you will need to go with more expensive models.
RU22LOJRC7ENG->Typically, I have went overkill on PCs and Laptops.  This time I tried to better target my non-gaming usage.  You won't find another 1080P laptop in this price range and the i3 processor feels more than adequate.
The hard drive would be the weak link with the system.  I went ahead and ordered a new 250GB SSD from crucial (CT7756614) and followed the YouTube video for replacement. The trickiest part is popping the keyboard cover off without pulling the cables out.  Just be slow and patient and you shouldn't have an issue.
After the hard drive is swapped simply insert a bootable Windows 10 disk or flash drive that you create from Microsoft (http://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/software-download/windows10ISO) and you are set. No Windows 10 key is needed nor is asked for (it is coded into the motherboard).
The memory upgrade is painless and you can add up to another 8GB.  The memory upgrade isn't as revolutionary as the SSD drive but I went ahead and did this because it was not cost prohibitive.
The end result is a 1080P laptop with a 250GB SSD and 12GB of memory in the $500 price range. Really tough to beat.
R26X9T3AIH0KEY->very good computer with this price. im so surprised at how well its working.
its light, SUPER QUIET, fast, and the most amazing part is its high resolution.
highly recommended!!
R1FVR1ASG6R6WU->The screen is just fantastic.  The only drawback is some of the drivers for Windows 7 are not available.  So I'm running Windows 10.
RA91JFNC767I9->Good product
R32JNEFVERW5QS->It arrived br&oacute;ken, I live outside the us so its Just lost money, returning It is expensive.
It is NOT the first problem I have with asus.
R1RF0AWD6ZZBO2->Not sure how this laptop is worth $500 and on sale for $350. Perhaps they are trying to get rid of stock because of oversupply. I ran into a variety of issues with this laptop. For one, the display is grainy as hell - its absolute ass. Sorry, but when I view videos at 1080p and it looks like 360p at best (on a good day 720p), something is wrong. Next, on the outside, the laptop looks sturdy. However, when you open it, the laptop feels so cheap and a poor man's plastic. Very questionable. In addition to this, the keys sometimes don't work when you press them. You have to press down EXTRA HARD and its just too much of an inconvenience. To extend that, I have to talk about the battery charging (or the lack thereof). Constantly says &#34;Plugged in, but not charging&#34;. I lose about 1% battery a day. And finally, sometimes the screen flickers and the colours change, looking very washed out, then quickly back to normal. Not sure if I got a lemon or not, but there are just too many issues with this laptop. WIth that said, I can NOT recommend this, or else I'd be fooling myself and others, which I can NOT afford to do.
R1RABMOF4S850C->great
R2CJPVDTWDSLZ7->All worked fine except CD/DVD drive, still not coming out...have to check how to fix that, I don't want to return just because of that as I am not sure how much I will use that.
R3B596G2GRYHQ1->Fast delivery, Great performance
R3PFFMXGX5XLJL->First one arrived doa, was really worried but tried a replacement, second works perfect, extremely quick and great for college. It won't do so well with gaming but for light duty and college work it's a great computer with a really nice screen. Only fault is no backlit keyboard but it's only 300$.
R2D5FLES9M155I->This laptop is the ultimate deal right now on the market. Hands down.
I successfully installed 8GB DDR3 and a Samsung 850 SSD
Combined total spend $475.
Now I have a Core i3 5th gen CPU, 1080p matte 15.6&#34; screen, 12GB DDR3, 250GB Samsung SSD, plus a 500GB external HDD (You can use the original Hard Drive, just needs an adapter!)
The integrated GPU Intel 5500 is better than I expected which is just a bonus! You can bump the video memory to 512MB in BIOS.
Don't listen to all these reviews that say this PC is good for 'light multitasking' or 'basic' web browsing...Really!? I would just use my phone for 'basic' stuff like that. All these super safe comments are underrating this systems potential power and performance. I am a developer and I have thrown a lot of Adobe software at this, as well as Visual Studio, Android Studio, as well as editing 1080p video and watching multiple 1080p videos and movies. YOU CAN DO ALOT WITH THIS.
The biggest surprise is the audio! which I found incredibly rich (not tinny) and robust sounding. I always use good headphones on laptops but I actually have not been using my headphones much with this system, AMAZING!!!
Did I mention it is a beautiful looking machine and the fan is barely heard.
I also build desktops and my current system is a 2k powerhouse, so I'm not a fish out of water here fawning over my first ever tech toy.
All this $350 +
$85(SSD) + 
Samsung 850 EVO 250GB 2.5-Inch SATA III Internal SSD (MZ-75E250B/AM)
$40(RAM) + 
Crucial 8GB Single DDR3 1600 MT/s (PC3-12800) CL11 SODIMM 204-Pin 1.35V/1.5V Notebook Memory CT102464BF160B
$10(HD case & adapter) 
Sabrent Ultra Slim USB 3.0 to 2.5-Inch SATA External Aluminum Hard Drive Enclosure [Silver Aluminum Finish] (EC-UM30)
R34HD75WCNQVIJ->I bought this laptop for my stepdaughter for homework purposes, and she loves it.  We have had zero problems with it.
R2YT6056JMUDXI->simple to use and ultra fast...great price made it a real deal.
R1ZFXFNY8JPKRY->Great price, but you get what you pay for. We've been using it for the past month or so and it's been working just fine.
Somethings I noticed:
1. The viewing angles are not as bad as some of the other reviews made me think they where going to be.
2. The CD player cover plate is already loose and can be pulled off.
R1QRVCNL99F68P->System gets caught in boot error and I had to send it back five days after I got the computer.
RWF5B89OK7RNC->earphone does not work when I got it
R1YAFG2WSS7ZZK->This laptop is an amazing value. HD screen, plenty of memory, and nice light form factor. Let's see how it does long term. So far, 5 stars!
R3INH4MHAT8653->Great value for money. Bought it for my daughter for her school assignments and general web surfing and playing online games.She is loving it.
The pre-installed windows 10 were corrupt, so i did a clean / fresh install of windows 8.1. Its working perfectly since then.
The performance is decent, did not experience any lag. I thought that i might need to upgrade 5400 rpm HDD to SSD but do not feel the need for it for now. Will monitor the progress over next couple of months and see.
Overall i am pretty satisfied with the purchase. This is the best budget laptop you can get for the money; 5th gen I3, full HD screen, wireless ac.
R2S2JTEZD0WS8B->This laptop is cheaply made in every way. Laptop is never transported anywhere and basicly sits in one place. It doesnt get jostled or banged around, yet in one month the hinge assembly became loose and eventually snapped. Thin cheap plastic. Also in month 2 the charger stopped charging, and in between more than a couple crashes as well. I would never buy an asus product again and I would advice everyone else to stay away from there products.
R29XGVGIGF2XHT->A pretty good product for the money.  I am a Software and Web Development student, and needed an affordable new laptop that could handle Microsoft Visual Studio and Netbeans, as well as Microsoft SQL Management Studio.  I also need to do basic word processing and use Google applications.  So far, this is working well enough, and while it does slow somewhat while multitasking, it gets by.
I will probably upgrade the RAM at some point, as well as swap out the hard drive for an SSD, but out of the box, this laptop was able to handle everything I've thrown at it.  The i3 processor seems totally fine for most tasks.  Another bonus: I didn't seem to find too much bloatware installed on the computer, either.  Sure there was a lot of MS stuff, and the obligatory Candy Crush, but nothing else too intrusive.
The display is high resolution HD, but is somewhat limited in terms of viewing angles.  When you view the display straight on, however, it looks bright and sharp. Out of the box, text appears very small, since the resolution is so high.  I've been able to make some adjustments to increase readability, but it's still not great.  I am 30 years old and have pretty good vision, and I still have a hard time reading text within applications and web browsers.
As for build quality -- you get what you pay for. The chassis is cheap and plasticy, with no metal features, but it is acceptable.  The keyboard is pleasant to type on, but does make a cheap, loud, plastic clacking noise.  The keyboard does also flex as you type, but it doesn't bother me.  The keyboard was a major factor for me since I do so much typing as a developer, and this keyboard met all my needs.
The speakers are acceptable, too, though sound a bit muffled and tinny at times.  They're also pretty loud.  Battery life is average.  And the &quot;Ice Cool&quot; palm rest is just marketing gimmick -- I didn't notice any difference with any laptop I've used previously.
Overall, the laptop works very well for what I've needed.  It looks sharp and is fast enough for most common tasks.  If you need decent machine to do routine tasks, this one offers a good value for the money.
R1B7NJWL6M7QPJ->Soli, functionable laptop!
R1DI4F6BY0NKFB->Love my ASUS. This thing was loaded, and at a great price. Quick, light, and works great.
RVZ09G5R1XGZ1->EXCELLENT
RFT9EASVE1ACY->Awesome...works great!
R1OKJ7QP97IK26->Thanks, the product was received, I proceed to make a positive evaluation.
R3BMPMGKTTVOWU->I would say it's a decent computer but sadly the touch pad stopped working after a couple months of use
R2YLP6IK3T7W9L->Very disappointed in this immediately.  Son bought it for his girlfriend and within hours a key came off and they can't reattach it so they have to spend even more money to have it repaired.  She has transferred everything to this laptop so she doesn't want to return it.  For now I am giving it one start for that reason.
R1ILHXXE842XZ9->work good so  far.
R29MVQMJHW9O9J->Would keep rebooting when trying to initialize Windows 10 for the first time. Had to send it back.
R2HHLXBOUEB4RI->So far loving it! Great deal for the price and the speed.
R1IWP1VHPCMGL1->Good machine for everyday use at a great price.
Yes, it has its cons, but those are easily covered by pros here..
Don't expect anything extraordinary, also, don't settle for anything less.
If you're looking for a good, simple machine for regular use, don't search beyond this point.
R1E8HCUFN48H8Z->I have been using this laptop for a few weeks now.  I have to say it is a screaming deal for $349 (what I paid for it).  1080p display, plus a real Core i3, for $349?  Find another 15.6&#34; laptop in this price range with a Core i3 and a 1080p display, I can't find one.
The hard drive is slow, and is the single biggest annoyance.  It also is NOT designed to be customer replaced.  It can be, but you have to open up the whole computer including removing the keyboard to do it.  It is not for the novice, but following YouTube videos I was able to get it done.  Boots up from cold in just seconds, very lightweight, fast, and runs all Windows 10 software nicely (Office 2013, Acrobat, Quickbooks, etc).
Note: This is NOT a gaming machine, I've tried a few games and they really don't perform.  Oh sure, it'll play basic web browser games, it'll play some of the Windows App Store games, but don't plan on playing Battlefield or Call of Duty on this, the GPU can't cut it.
But for $349 for a basic Windows 10 machine, well worth the purchase price.
Note: while the HDD is hard to replace with a SSD, the RAM is easy, it can take a 8GB DDR3 SODIMM stick in the bottom for a total max of 12GB of RAM.
R13KXCB60D19AU->Initial impression is that this laptop is a lot more plastic-y than I would've imagined.  I had recommended this laptop to a friend because the price and the fact that it is the most reasonably priced 1080p laptop.  The next available 1080p laptop is somewhere in the $600~700 range and he was in no position to purchase that one.
Your results may vary but initially the trackpad had an issue where the left click clipping the bottom left corner because the clicking surface was misaligned.  Tracing the bottom left outline of the trackpad help correct this issue.  It is on the cheaper side so I cant expect the same level of quality control some of the higher priced asus laptops would have.
I am somewhat complaining about the plastic construction but you get what you pay for.  The real meat of this laptop is the technology housed in that plastic.  It doesnt have the best viewing angles but I am quite pleased with the 1080p screen and I hope this trend will carry over into all modern laptops.  The i3 feels snappy and 4gb of RAM is enough for the average user/consumer.
My only real complain is that this laptop was not made with serviceability in mind.  Installing additional RAM is easy enough once you get past the plastic security piece over the RAM cover.  The task of installing an SSD or SSHD is not for the faint of heart because some disassembly is required.  I would knock 1 star off typically but after disassembling with the intent of installing an SSD, the internal hardware layout does make sense.
Criticism aside, for the price this is a pretty nifty little laptop.  With a solid state it will fly and the user experience is great.  I would hope for a similar spec'd/design laptop but made of aluminum for $100~200 more but you definitely get value &#62; 350 with this laptop.
Video disassembly to install SSD/SSHD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1tupHjUKSg
R15JIN1VDU7KNW->Hey, did I buy this thing? I guess it must be great since I can't remember where it is.
R2XPG2776RLPBD->Cheep material used to built this laptop. Very low voice. Need an ear phone or external speeker
R2BQQQKM852O15->I purchased it to take online classes and works great.
R2O0FCOE9QJMXU->Exactly what I needed for my daughter and her school work.
R1GNM7OPNYMBUK->LOVE IT!  It was everything I needed and more! at such an affordable price!
R27QZCLQAJ439O->So far so good.  Windows is quite different and am scheduled to attend a class for it. 10/6.  The laptop itself seems heavier than five pounds.
R3PNFMB9DBZ0B4->Its a good deal for its price!! Its been a month sibce i bought it and have had no issues. I use it for internet applications, ms office and also have installed virtual ubuntu.. Still works smooth.. As a said not the best of the configurations but still works great!!
RQ9UNIKBUX4VZ->One month use. For the price you really can't go wrong. A 1080p screen (by the way it has poor viewing angles), full size chiclet keyboard with a numeric keypad, mediocre build quality, and an above average processing power. Now my typical usage is surf the internet, watch videos, listen to music (the speakers are kind of bad), work on documents, and check email. Now what I do on this laptop may vary from person to person, but I believe it's comparable to the majority of average laptop users.
So the Pros: a large 15.6 screen that is an ok 1080p resolution (now for those who are having issues with the clarity with the screen, just downscale to 100% and you'll be ok). The colors on this screen is a bit warm and washed out, but what can you expect from this price point. Apparently this screen is not listed as a TN panel, but the horrible viewing angles would otherwise suggest that it is a TN panel. However the screen is really not that bad far and from the worst. It is a crisp/clear screen and easy on the eyes when reading. Also the brightness is fairly good and it helps that it is a matte display. Now on the specs. The core I3 on this laptop runs really well for what I use it for. I rarely see the system heat up or slow down when I'm using it. The ram is ok for me, I barely use over 3 gigabit. Also the boot up time is surprisingly quick for a system using a HDD.
Now for the Cons: The battery life is kind of short. I get anywhere from 3 to 4 hours of battery life. This may not be a con for other users, but I am a student and for me this is not an all day battery life. The DVD drive worries me. It is really flimsy and I'm afraid it might break off. The build quality is all plastic and again in this price range I can't expect much. The top lid does in fact collect smudges and fingerprint. The speakers are bottom facing and sound really bad. On high volume the sound does distort a bit and the worst part is it does not get loud at all. The speaker drivers on this laptops are really weak and bad, so invest on some really good headphones or external speakers if you want to enjoy movies or music.
Closing statement, for the price and for my usage this laptop is a really good fit. You get a really good screen, also really good processing power, and with an ok battery life. I really like this laptop a lot and coming from my old laptop I consider this Laptop an upgrade.
R3E3T92KW8A73I->I already have two ASUS computers. The new one was purchased for my girlfiend who uses for selling Real Estate and running a property management company consisting of 180 accounts. Her computer gets many hours of use and never fails. This computer is her money maker. ASUS is a terrific product and they have a great service program they have helped us with any problems via phone or emails. I would not own any other computer. ASUS you are Great.
RZ9N2SWLD7LWG->It is a great computer.  I asked several questions of the ASUS team and some of the answers were not accurate, but I am enjoying the speed of the computer.  I am still familiarizing myself with the Windows 10.  So far I prefer Windows 7, but I need to give it more time and adjustment. I am not a computer WIZ, but to date have been able to use the programs successfully. I am unable to use a DVD in the player at this time. That is my most current challenge.
R3RO2BI0HF8NRC->Works ok...
R3QE8R2JFGO486->Just took out of box and have to return it. Keeps rebooting.
R28AZ4F3RC1SKS->Great laptop
R3OYBZM0I94L9D->Great laptop for the price.
R1C5UFKNUL3FIJ->Pros:
This very laptop model is thin, light, somewhat powerful, does not get hot much during use, has been working great for the couple of months that I bought it, and just looks great, especially the external covering and design. Looks more expensive than is.
Cons:
Three cons for me.
(1) Can't upgrade battery (in-built) and Ram (Apparently)
(2) No caps lock and num lock led indicators. NONE! Really ASUS!
(3) Now this is my biggest gripe about this laptop. When you type on the keyboard, the way-to-cheap plastic that surrounds the keys flexes; and I really mean flex badly. I HATE THIS. ASUS, I was beginning to think you all were coming up in the quality-product world, but this issue makes me re-think that.
Don't get me wrong; the laptop cost me close to $600 at the time, but I would have gladly paid a little more for a more sturdy keyboard, and not one that flexes so much. It is quite noticeable when you type and the surrounding area depresses as well. Did I say that I HATE THAT! What a sore point for what could have been a really great affordable and mid-range laptop.
If anyone from ASUS is reading this, is it possible to obtain from you all a more sturdy (stiff), covering for the keyboard area? I have some experience opening laptops, and I was a computer technician in the past. Is that possible to obtain? I would have recommended this brand and model to others, but I'm not sure if I should. This issue leaves a really bad impression as far as I see it.
But apart from that, it does work, and does what it should, but really already, this is unacceptable. Make's the whole thing feels flimsy and fragile; from the typing-to-get-work-done perspective.
That's my two cents...
RUZDF7JM454HY->Very nice laptop for the price. Very good performance and respectable battery life. Not for games of course but for everything else this machine is amazing. Install an SSD onto this machine and you get a laptop that rivals a desktop in speed.
I installed an SSD onto this machine and it absolutely flies. Runs very nicely with Linux Mint as long as you use an updated linux kernel that has the drivers for this laptop. Battery life is very respectable usually lasting 4-6 hours. The screen is a matte screen and it's surprisingly nice. I honestly expected a terrible TN display but I was pleasantly surprised. Good build quality for the price
Cons:
No removable hard drive cover
No removable battery
Viewing angles could be better
That's right you have to open up the laptop completely to get to the battery and hard drive. Wasn't a big deal for me but I can see this being an issue for some. The keyboard is a bit flimsy but I can't really complain for the price, there has to be some drawbacks here. Also no touchscreen in case you didn't already know
All in all I'm very happy with my purchase.
R26HMVGDCR70HL->4 stars because it seems to be running slow all of a sudden without reason....?  Otherwise a decent laptop for the price. The only negative thing I can say, which is not the fault of the laptop mfg. is about the packaging. I was shocked to see how this was packed for shipment. The box was ripped, barely taped closed and there was absolutely no protection, just horrendous. I was surprised the unit wasn't broken. There amazingly is no real damage and it is working so I am keeping it as of now.  I have received pillows by shipment with better protection!!!!  Overall decent for the price, but wouldn't order again due to lack of care in packaging and shipment.
R305OC982FO3CQ->This is a great little laptop.  It's lightweight, compact, and fast.  I was afraid of Windows 10, but it's no problem.  My old Asus finally gave out, and I wanted another one.  For the price, this one is a good deal, and well worth it.  The sound and videos suit me just fine, and the keys and keyboard are cool and comfortable.
RZACM6NO1KSZL->Highly recommended for the design as well.
R2GDB5M86ABCM2->excellent laptop. beautiful looking and smooth working, really worth the price.
RGKBNK7OTVKZ8->Fast, light, stays cool.  I love it.
R22ZBLJ7UOGB0S->The laptop appears to do and be all it advertises. I have noticed a modest glitch or two, but that may be more Windows 10 than the ASUS. Pictures are vibrant, sound is good, performance is agile. I like it. Just have to get to know it better.
R3DQCZKY73X4AN->I've only had it a month, and so far so good. My last Asus laptop is 6 years old, still performs fine, but is literally starting to fall apart. Win10 on this laptop is good. I have a Windows 8.1 (Nokia) phone which I really like, and an Asus tablet also running Win 8.1, so I already knew I would probably like Win10. This laptop performs well. I watched a college game from ESPN3 on my TV via HDMI output from this laptop, and it looked as good as live TV--no delays, buffering, sharp picture output, etc.
R3B261PW66OSQE->I've had this computer for a little over a week and have used it on and off daily, mostly for the internet, to become familiar with Win10. I wanted a laptop with Win10 factory installed and when I came across this $350 deal with a 1080 screen, I couldn't pass it up. While I waited for the order to be filled, I went to local stores to compare sub $500 laptops.  I think that the build quality is comparable to others in its class. My take: Screen -  bright with good colors and text, at the 1920 x1080 resolution everything is very sharp; Sound quality - very good set at 50% volume;  Keyboard – nice soft touch feel, easy to read letters; Touch Pad – works well but the R/L click is a bit loud; DVD player – works well; USB 3.0 ports –  backup to a portable 3.0 drive is fast;  HDD – comes pre-partitioned with D:Data for backups etc.; Battery – I get about 4+ hours per charge; Esthetics – I like the overall look with the faux aluminium, but style taste is always an individual thing. The 5th Gen i3, Intel HD5500 video,  Full HD Screen, 802.11ac wireless and Win10 factory installed, are all positives.
Windows 10 has worked well for me and hasn't been difficult to learn to use. It loads to the desktop in about 20 seconds and shuts down fast. Because of the high resolution screen, Win10 was factory set to 125%, which for many people with good eyes, would be adaquate. I prefer to use 150% and also adjust the font size  larger than default.  The screen appears to be a TN type which is more sensitive to viewing angle. However, once I set the screen at the correct angle, I don't find it to be a problem. If you want a wide viewing angle, buy a higher priced laptop with an IPS screen.
After reading some of the negative reviews, I have to say that I feel fortunate that my unit didn't experience any of the problems that some other people have had. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase.
I would have rated this 5 stars if the battery charge would last about 6 hours.
R2LO5FMKPR17CT->good price for this computer . get the jop done......
R19F2PJIUKQGBT->THis computer is bad if you had purchased it for the the $349 price tag after that i would say your paying way to much for this laptop... the battery life sucks but hey this is one of the few laptops that is actually 1080p which is very nice there are ups and downs with the laptop but you get what you pay for and for the price tag of $349 cant beat it.
R39Q0DAYA5JODI->When you hit a key gently, the whole keyboard and bezel moves.  The plastic around the screen is about as thick as a 2-liter bottle.  On mine it was bowing away from the screen even.
One of the reasons why I purchased this unit was for the HD display.  Well the colors looked washed out, and text was blurry; Not my idea of HD
Just to make sure I wasn't seeing things, I connected it to a mid grade ASUS external monitor, and compared side by side.  Yup, my external ASUS 3 year old monitor looked just fine, and my new laptop looked like a CRT with a dying picture tube.  Not sure if I got a bad one, or this is just a sucky cheap laptop.  Either way, I returned it and got a different brand.  If have better luck with that one, I will review it on Amazon.
P.S. Normally I am a fan of ASUS products, as I have several.  Just don't think I am going to get another laptop from them...
R1X8ZIG4NZS472->You get what you pay for I guess. I know the keyboard foil being bubbly and crinkled is purely cosmetic, but to me it indicates a cheaply made product. I'm sending it back and paying more than $350 for a computer. If the product came like this, I'm wondering what the quality would be like 3 months down the line.
R33YFAOG80CNMS->I love this laptop its very well rounded (Gaming, Movies, Music ect.) The one flaw in this great piece of tech  I can say is  the audio is slightly lower than expected but added USB speakers when I want a little more sound (and the mic still works even with the speakers on so thats also good). I would recommend this laptop to anyone who loves good graphics and details in visuals and smooth frame rates.
R59P8LXO2EZUY->This laptop is great for anyone looking for a better quality laptop without having to pay the price of a mac. Works great for college students and anyone looking to get the most out of their laptop.
I am currently a college student that uses his laptop 2-3 times a day for everything from taking notes, using school applications, listening to music, checking social media and everything else in between. Here are some of the different criteria I base my review of the laptop on
  - Durability: surprisingly very durable for how light it feels. I have accidentally dropped it onto the floor a few times and it has virtually no
  damages except a few scratches.
  - Battery Life: Battery life is pretty good. The only issue I find is that even when I close it and put it into sleep mode it still seems to
  lose a substantial amount of battery. I usually charge it every other night or whenever I am by my charger if I am using it a lot.
  - Processing speed: very pleased with the i5 processor, much faster than I expected and is great for everyday use.
  - Compatibility: has everything you need from a CD insert, USB port and HDMI.
  - IceCool Technology: doesn't seem very important, but you really notice the difference in reduced temperature after long use.
  - Gaming: I have done no gaming on this laptop so I am unaware of how the game-play is.
Negatives
  - A few weeks ago the screen would not stop flickering, eventually it stopped and haven't had the problem since.
  - Maybe it's just me but when you click it is really loud so I had to buy an external mouse so it wasn't so distracting during class.
Other than those two very minor things this laptop runs great.
I would compare it to the look and feel of a mac, but a slightly less quality. Whether this is your work or play laptop it will mostly be a good fit for you.
Hope this helps with your laptop search!
 P.S. I got a very good deal on this laptop closer to the holidays so if possible keep your eye on it until you can get the best deal.
R20441JFZZEIX1->I spent about 20+ hours researching laptops because it is so difficult to find the best one at the best price. This is a good basic laptop for somebody who needs it for using Microsoft Office, Netflix, skype streaming and internet browsing. This laptop will do all of those seemingly easily. Do not buy it expecting it to do video rendering and 3d rendering, but the new I3 processor will handle basic stuff easily. For the price, it is great.
Pros:
-The new 5th gen I3 processor is the latest technology which is nice.
-Laptop is quiet, not really any fan noise.
-Disk drive is nice to have.
-Lots of USB ports (two 3.0's).
-Price is excellent.
-Full Keyboard.
-The original 4GB of ram can be expanded easily (To I think 8 or 12 GB).
-Looks nice.
-Good battery ( Watched 2-3 episodes of netflix at full brightness and was only down to 78% ).
-1 year free Acer accident warranty is AWESOME.
Cons:
-I was a little disappointed in the screen, one big reason we bought it was that it was a real 1080p screen, however the screen did not seem to be any better than my 720p Acer Laptop. Also colors are not very vivid (But hey its less than $400!)
-Screen at full brightness is not particularly bright.
-Only 4 GB ram and 500 GB hard drive, but can be expanded.
-Materials seem a bit cheap, it is definitely not premium feeling.
-Was slower than I expected, but it is only a dual core I3. Still i expected the newest technology to be faster.
-No touchscreen option.
-Not lit keys.
Overall, this is the best budget laptop for the price in my opinion. It got good reviews, I am happy overall. The I3 version doesn't have the absolute best specs or material, but it will do the basic things you need reliably. Will probably upgrade in the future, but for the daily school use and projects, it works great!
R2OLPGAXPQ1ZSN->The things I like about this laptop are:
huge 1080p screen
great keyboard
windows 10 pre installed
optical drive
graphic card 5500
sound and the 2x3.0
batter life!!!
things i don't like:
the i3 processor but that's not a major issue because it's a 5th gen so that's good
Overall it is most definitely a great buy and you cannot go wrong with this purchase!
R16BWV3EYACYEK->So far so good. It will handle all my normal business needs and is fast enough for me. Also works well streaming from various sources where I have had problems with other computer.
Keyboard and trackpad seem fine. Looks of the computer are very good....doesn not look like cheap plastic.
HD screen is very nice and is what makes this such a good deal.
Will update after a few weeks of use but very happy so far.
R1R0LDUSR4O4F->Pro-
*You cannot find a 1080p Full HD laptop for this price.  This is why I bought it and this is why it makes it worth every penny.
*Good processor speed for the price.
*Easily upgradable RAM
*The laptop body looks good, has a good feel, and an overall quality look to it.
Cons-
*If you are looking to replace the Hard Drive with a Solid State Drive its more difficult then most laptops, but not impossible.
*The DVD tray gets stuck and is more flimsy then most other laptops.
*As always, seems to be the trend with new laptops, it comes with to much bloatware.  Bloatware/unnecessary programs running that are unneeded at take up to much resources.  McAfee being the worst out if the bunch.
Summary-
If you are looking for the cheapest 1080p Full HD laptop this is the best option. In my opinion 1920*1080 resolution is soooooooo much better then the traditional 1366*768 resolution you find in this price range.
With a 15.6 inch screen, this laptop is 141.21 pixels per inch.  Most laptops at this price point and the same screen size are only 100.45 pixel per inch. That means there is a 33% higher pixel density!
R1OBM7M0PSOCZ3->GREAT LAPTOP, GREAT PRICE
RPC06LO39FZJ4->Broke within two weeks.  CD drawer cover came off.
Also, could not get passed windows password screen even though password was entered correctly.
R37I6MYLQ1ZD6C->Tha good .. pretty cool on your lap compare to my HP , the HP is hot as hell on your lap ..but to be fair , the HP processor  is more powerful with I7 four cores chip set but to be fair too that HP reliability is not  as good as expect with lot of problems like battery won charge after one year of use , have to plug in all the time / very inconvenian and dead after 3 years of use . Junk....In the other hand this ASUS F555LA  hardly feel any heat at level cause uncomfortable  ...1080p ... the speak is good ... loud enough ...good....the webcam is good ,too , very clear ...better than my Junk HP with HD Camera...very disappointed with HP and won't go back for a while .
the bad _Speaker buttons control don't work....you have to click on to turn the volume up and down , Weak processor / Slow but you already know this processor is i3 but .....
This ASUS F555LA is an Okay laptop for lightly use like browsing web , talk on Skype / Yahoo ...whatever . That is it for now
This laptop is Okay for light use
RXHYQ25HBQUQV->Very nice laptop. I love it.
RW5NVKF9ZQHVU->works ok.nice sale.
RIONHRM8ADNAP->Fantastic for the price with one exception. The screen has a razor thin viewing angle. Everything else is great.
RPQWJ5PSOAFX7->Great screen resolution and good performance for the price.
RQC6P6G8WFYT3->It's so so
R2W2WXFD41FH32->The laptop is ok.  I had high expectations. Windows 10 works great. Speed is ok.  Tried a few file transfers and this laptop was slower than my 2 year old laptop. Also the mouse sucks.  I can't figure out how to stop it from sizing the screen everytime I touch it. If anyone knows pls tell me.
I didn't return the laptop because it does work... Just thought it would be faster.
R2SRDCH08O2P84->great
R30CTSWF0PBIVM->computer runs fine but came with a faulty windows 10 installed. it wont allow any other language packs...freezes when it reaches region and language screen.
R2C3C0SEYP2K15->I was really pleased to get a new, inexpensive laptop that fit my needs.  I really wanted a 1080p screen and a number pad on the keyboard and I got what I wanted.  Easily added 8GB of memory to this for a few bucks and using it as a family mobile workstation.
Pros:
-1080p screen at this price point is unheard of!
-Windows 10 out of the box.  No fiddling with 8.1 + upgrade to 10.
-Love the number pad on the keyboard.
-Very inexpensive
-Easy to upgrade memory to something more respectable.
-Stays super cool to the touch, even when playing games!
Cons:
-The screen is not the most beautiful, but that was expected.  There is some slight light leakage, and viewing the screen from an angle reduces the picture noticeably.  Color looks a tad washed out.  Works fine for homework, office work, and internet browsing.  Maybe not so great for watching videos.
-2 cell non-user serviceable battery means even though this is a low power device, run-time is still not very high (3 hours of light-medium use)
-Not a fan of the 1 piece touchpad, but it's usable.  Maybe a tad oversensitive.
-Lack of documentation from manufacturer is annoying.  It's like this model doesn't exist.  Box comes with zero product documentation.  There might be some on the laptop itself, but I didn't see it right away.
-not a touch screen.  I knew this and I had no need for a touch screen, but this might be a deal breaker for some.
-RJ-45 Network Jack utilizes some kind of collapse-able clip.  I'm concerned that this will get broken off at some point and make connecting to a physical network impossible with a USB network adapter.  Luckily this will be using WiFi almost 100% of the time.
Overall, I felt like this was a steal.  I have been looking for months for a laptop with some of these features and was never able to get anywhere near this set of features or this price point.  So happy I'm seriously considering buying another for this family of 6!
R34XCAKZS6VYLG->I just got it and I can tell that is awesome. Aint going to tell'yll about specification because u wil see it here. But what also matter for me is the style, nice design, great keyboard, touch pad experience, I give 5 stars because of the bluethoot, but is more than okay for the price! Nice job Asus. fyi.. First time I got an Asus product and feeling so good with it for now.
R174UJV96550O8->I needed a new laptop that had a decent amount of speed capable of keeping up with my work requirements.
First, the good:
This is indeed a speedy computer. It'll get the job done and was definitely quite enough to keep up with my workflow requires. For reference, I work in SEO, and so often have many many tabs open on Google Adwords, Analytics, and other similar website. Overall, it'll get the job done.
Now, for the bad:
At first, I was a little frustrated when this came in, because this laptop required a number of ATK updates and driver updates to function properly. (Example: the FN+F9 keys wouldn't actually turn off the touchpad.) Speaking of the touchpad, it has a weird design where the touchpad area overlaps the right and left click function, so if you use one hand to move the mouse and another to left click, you'll be moving your mouse unintentionally to other locations when attempting to left click. Trying to scroll by holding the left click is also a pain in this regard, as you will frequently move the mouse unintentionally off the scroll bar because the touchpad will detect both fingers on the touchpad. Overall, if you are like me and use one finger on touchpad and another on left click, you'll get annoyed quickly.
This can be solved by simply using a mouse. So, it's just a bit of a peeve for me.
But, here is what kills me and had I had known about this, I would not have made this purchase. The wireless card is extremely weak on this laptop. For reference, I'm currently less than 6 feet away from my router, and the best signal I can receive is 2/5 bars. To reference, my old HP laptop, and ALL of my other wireless devices, can get 5/5 or 4/5 bar signal from completely across the house from multiple rooms away and with many obstructions. I own an ASU RT-AC53U for reference.
Where my other wireless devices can detect signals coming from my neighbors, this laptop can only see my home wireless router, and needs to be within 6-8 feet to even function. My workplace is currently a hot-desk environment, so this MAJOR problem prevents me from using this computer to work. At home, I have to use an ethernet wire to get any decent internet speed out of this machine.
- A very disappointed customer
