R1ZYSIVINBFM7V->Its a nice laptop just some flaws like i noticed on the second day that the mouse was acting up I had to purchase a wireless one and the internet keeps disconnecting randomly in order to get the connection back i have to restart the laptop I'm debating if I should return this or not.
R36IKCR8GUPLZN->The Inspiron 14 Dell laptop is the first Windows 10 laptop of its kind:  a very light weight laptop that sell for less than $250.  It is a &#34;light duty&#34; laptop for people who simply want to prepare a letter or document, check their email, listen to Pandora Radio, or watch a movie on Netflix. It is designed to sell for less than $250 and to provide 6 hours to 8 hours of battery life on a charge. The Inspiron 14 does each of those simple tasks well, with a 14 inch screen that has good color and contrast, in a very light, compact case that is easy to carry. It is NOT a high powered laptop for doing Photo Shop editing, nor will it run extremely demanding video games, or run five apps at a time with ten tabs open on the Edge browser. I was surprised to see a Windows 10 laptop from Dell at a local &#34;Big Box&#34; store for a &#34;Best Buy&#34; price of less than $200. The Inspiron has a 14 inch screen which is large enough for preparing documents and for enjoying Netfix movies. I got home and discovered the track pad was not working properly and returned to the store and got a replacement. It was difficult to use the Inspiron for the first two days as it was constantly downloading and installing updates, which slowed down or &#34;froze&#34; the program I was running. After the updating process was complete, the Inspiron was nice to use. The screen has very natural color and movies on Netfix look terrific. The sound from the two front speakers is loud, but lacks bass. When connected to good headphones or to bluetooth speakers, the sound quality is very impressive. The internet works well with two or three tabs open. Increasing the number of open tabs can slow things down. Sometimes the touchpad will lock up for three or four seconds if the Inspiron needs to finish a task. The Inspiron is very light, and so is its power pack. The laptop, power pack and cord have a combined weight of under 4 pounds so you hardly notice having it in your book bag or backpack. The body is thin, similar to some $1,000 ultra light laptops. The outer case of the Inspiron looks cheap, but it has high quality construction. The battery snaps tightly into place. The screen hinges hold the screen in the position you select. The keyboard has a crisp, positive feel similar to some much more expensive laptops. The &#34;feel&#34; of using the Inspiron is similar to laptops selling for two or three times the price. Battery life is impressive. With wifi on, watching Netflix movies at a bright screen setting, the Inspiron provides 4 hours or 5 hours per charge. With wifi OFF, and the screen set at a medium setting, it provides 6 hours to 7 hours. At a low screen brightness, it can get up to 8 hours per charge. There is NO cooling fan, and no hard drive, so the Inspiron runs silently, yet remains cool. Drawbacks: First, you must learn how to use Windows 10. I have found Windows 10 to be a combination of the best features of Windows 8.1 and Windows 7, but there is a learning curve. The trackpad uses one finger to move the cursor and two or three fingers are used for &#34;gesture&#34; commands that open and close windows or zoom in or zoom out on internet pages. Those gestures have been difficult for me to understand and I am tempted to buy a bluetooth mouse and quit using the trackpad.The second drawback is that only 7gb of memory is open for your apps, games, photos, videos, music and movies. There is a slot for a full size SD card and you should install a 32gb or 64gb Class 10 card to expand memory to a useful size. Bottom Line: This is a Windows 10 laptop that carries out &#34;light&#34; duties just as well as laptops selling for double or triple its price. It is well made and backed by a one year warranty from Dell. It has very high quality construction and has a silly low price. It is a &#34;Best Buy&#34; at its big box store price of under $200.
