R1EDL50FG3MWUD->No hassles to set up.Arrived when promised.
R2P1ULL469X19H->Very disappointed - whether it is the fault of Dell, Windows 10, or Dell's adaptation to Windows is beyond me. In one (of two) regular locations, the computer could not connect to the wireless router until I rebooted the router - no other devises in the home had this problem. It has rebooted spontaneously, shut done incorrectly, and frozen up, requiring popping the battery in order to unfreeze it. It has trouble recognizing the external monitor which I rely on for color consistency when editing photos. It does not recognize external hard drives plugged into a USB3 7-port, but recognizes them immediately when they are plugged into a USB2 - which is plugged into the USB3. In my other location, it recognizes the external hard drives plugged intoUSB3. What strange thing is it going to do next. I have had it for about a month and have come to distrust it. I expected much better, and got something much worse.
R1QW12PTO0KZ62->I love it, great product is a little big but is georgeous and the laptop work perfectly.
R3DN3PUPW7IQPB->Good deal
R1E76AEG3DVFRX->Nice
R3FZNQ614NWL4D->I love it
R2V7G7ZLIEOH7Q->Great value
R31T8GWXHLBSTM->This computer is awesome. It does everything that you or I can do. Windows 10 takes some time getting use-to, but once you catch on, WOW, I really like this computer, it is very fast.
R12JEPYYSVSCZG->Performs as described it's taking some time to get used to Windows 10 but overall I'm pleased.
R1G59KPZJTLJYJ->I am very satisfied with the purchase.
R11CGRI8XLMF3L->I ordered this laptop for my 17 year old son, who will in a year, be using it for college. So far so good. At this point there are no issues. Everything works...no glitches. It was easy to set up and use. It is exactly as described. We have a Dell Desktop at home, so we're very familiar with the company's workmanship. I'll update on how things are progressing with this laptop. So far it is excellent.
R3589UVUXCWR83->I am thrilled with this laptop.  The casing is plastic, but still solid. Applications load quickly. No delay on downloads. WiFi connection is strong. The mouse track and keyboard are responsive. The sound is crisp. It runs quietly and stays relatively cool. What I didn't expect is the display is touch screen. I love that.
With an i3 core processor, 8 GB of RAM, TB of Hard-drive space, an Intel Graphics HD card, DVD burner, HDMI, Ethernet and 3 USB ports, I definitely received my money's worth.
I would recommend this laptop to both my family and friends
RI6R2YDW3TGQN->I like it.
R2D3OCVO8NMDHF->Received a product that was NOT in new form. After powering on the laptop (which was in standby/hibernate I believe), I was greeted with a &#34;Chuck&#34; logged-on Windows profile. Also a notepad was open with some gibberish typed in. I immediately restored the laptop to factory settings and all is well now. I can't say much about the battery life yet, but i'm concerned about it, since this obviously is an used product. The product is a 5 star if it were new. In my case, I give it a 2-star, pending further testing of the battery.
R3PMSNYP8O8852->I purchased this as a gift for my daughter and when it arrived I charged up the battery to make sure it worked. When my daughter received it a few weeks later it performed great, but when she went to charge it, it would not charge. The charger was putting out the correct voltage but the laptop would not accept the charge. I took it to a local computer shop to have it checked out and was told the motherboard was defective. I tried to return it but the vendor did not have another in stock. I called Dell customer support and they said to return it to them and they would refurbish it. If I wanted a refurbished item I would have bought one I told them. After several calls and 2 hours on the phone they agreed to replace it with a new unit. We shall see how long it takes for the replacement to arrive....The reason for the one star is that it is apparent that quality control was missing on this unit and having to spent 2 hours pleading my case does not help build customer loyalty. The vendor was kind enough to give me a $40 refund for my trouble.
R6UR5VNQRLFPY->love it really works well with tech at work, like it better than the mac book. Windows 10 is awesome
RXLLP1MMUJ629->Excellent
R13N01KB3GO33Z->I am satisfied with my purchase , I have almost a month to have it and so far so good . You have what they offer. At first I had problems with wifi but I knew investigating Windows 10 loses connectivity , but it was only the beginning .
R2RHLMK4W711CG->What a beautiful, fantastic laptop made by such a devoted company. I'm singing your praises!
R3G8YRZLMW23QI->I'll start off by saying this is my replacement laptop. The first one I received was extremely slow.  I spent a half a day with Dell Tech Support, doing troubleshooting, then a soft reset, then a hard reset.  He offered to send me a USB containing a software reinstall.....I decided I didn't want to get stuck with a lemon, and returned it for an exchange. As a side note, I could not get my POP-based email account to work in the windows mail app.  I could get it to receive the emails, but then I couldn't open them.  Anyway, I received the new one, and it's faster. It's not lightning fast, but tolerable.  My old ASUS should have been slower (spec-wise), but wasn't. I'm sure there are programs I'll be needing to delete (McAfee was the first to go, I much prefer AVG). In this new laptop, I still could not get my email account loaded.  So I called Dell, and they wanted to charge me 129.00 for software support to help me with this issue.  I then called my ISP, and they wanted to transfer me to home-tech support for 99.00.....I ended up installing Windows Essentials, (Windows Live Email), for free, and it worked great!!  It seems Outlook works well for some email servers, but not for POP. Same with the advanced email set up option in Windows Mail-  POP was one of the choices, but good luck getting it to work.  I have a feeling there are still a few bugs to work out with Windows 10, but I'm happy that at least I was able to install a few programs (Apache, Windows Essentials) to make it all work.  Still a better deal than the MACs.
R20YLNB62F3J6K->Would give it less than 1 star if I could. Just got it today and keeps getting stuck in automatic repair loop. Already did clean install of windows and same issue. I do not have time for this garbage, about to send it back. Recently purchased a Dell all in one and it has performed flawlessly. 5000 series laptop appears to be a lemon product.
-working fine after second reinstall of windows with HD format and delete some dell software. Appears to be an issue with Dell software, which I did not want on there anyway.
R1B007LOAND1UH->This is an awesome computer. I have had a desk top for 15 years and really like the convenience and portability.
R1QKUG6JWEQIB8->The touch pad did not work after spending 3 hours with Dell support, I returned the laptop and have not ordered another one yet!  A lot of the non favorable reviews have had problems with the touchpad!
R27K3ZZE1Z1787->this laptop had problems with heat from Day 1. It gets hot so easily. CPU temperature always between 69 to 75'f.
R19IYDVCM1LT9O->I am a computer nerd. That is I use computers constantly and I have taught myself how to fix most software and even hardware problems. I last bought a computer 5 years ago, got a great deal in another brand and have kept that computer up and running all that time myself. This last week I decided to buy this Dell. Going through Amazon was the best deal with their free shipping and competitive pricing. I spent about a day research this and similar computers in the mid range of pricing. I needed power and some important features. So I chose the Dell because of generally good reviews and its power rating on various sites. I got the computer in 2 days as promised and set about setting it up. I found out early that the disk drive was not recognizing disks. Then when trying to register the Dell, the Y key did not work in the registration form. I called tech support and began explaining after a 15 minute wait for service. The call was immediately dropped and the tech guy from India did not call back. I called again and it took another 15 minutes to get to tech support. This guy Ronald really worked with me. Suggested some changes which he sent over email to me. I began working on those, but that did not work. I then went to Dell support and began downloading updates. Ronald was still talking to me on email and suggested a Bios update. The bios that came was A03, and the machine was supposed to have A05. I began the update. and hour later all the updates were done. In the meantime I discovered that the disk drive region had not been specified at the factory. I set for Region 1, US. Ronald called me back at 11:30 Pacific time and ask how it was going. The Bios update had worked so the disk drive was working and I was installing software fine. My rating for the tech support is an A, but for the initial setup of the computer it has to be a D because my updates should have been done in the factory or before they shipped the unit. For those who are not somewhat tech savvy I suggest another vendor, for those who can spend 4 hours and do most of the work yourself, then This is the computer for you. The Y problem righted itself after I restarted. My question is Are vendors so concerned about shipping the units fast that they are not setting them up appropriately before they ship? Is this what we can expect in the future? because if so, I might make other choices.
*Personal purchase
R1INVBKBEETRYF->so far..easy set up. getting used to windows 10
R3JGGR85AA9DL1->Preloaded with Windows 10. Very easy to set up and use. Nice and lightweight with lighted keypad.
R19N5I3755Z2SS->Fast. Affordable. Quality.
R3BH0AUXW7Z9TB->well rounded laptop, the build quality is premium and it runs smoothly without problem. A good substitute for any iFan out there but with a better specs.
R28ZC68OHFETF2->Seems like a nice computer... Took a while to ship. The pad is very strange on this computer and quite annoying. If it weren't for that, I'd most likely give it a 5 star but it really slows you down.
R3GYMZPSUPBW2S->Very pleased with this purchase.  We have been using for a few weeks now.
R3TPJDWMRJG1IL->I ordered this is august, and I knew I was in trouble when it restarted 5 times and gave blue screen once the first day. I asked dell service for help for a week, with no success.  Finally, I returned it, and Amazon was nice enough to do a free replacement.  The new one is the same model and worked perfectly.  Am I happy with the second computer: yes.  Would I buy it again given all of the hassles: never.
R278W9W4QF3WSY->Great laptop for the price, I also like that the hard drive and ram are easily accessible, I will more than likely upgrade to an SSD.
R1WS2XKUOHM4YR->That's exactly what I need
R36X7Q2IC93C2Z->This PC does everything I wanted in a new Laptop.  Windows 10 is the best yet and runs very fast and I've had zero problems with this pre-installed version.  Thin sleek design is icing on the cake. Good value compared to Macs.
R1EGZDHRE89Y0B->Love my new laptop
R3MLYJJX4MK8RI->The hardware that comes with this laptop is fantastic for the price; I was expecting a laptop that is somewhat bulky but it is fairly thin but not that thin to where you'll feel like you'll break it in your backpack. I also priced out a laptop with almost similar hardware specifications which is listed here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0105JD1HE/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B0105JD1HE&linkCode=as2&tag=newcams-20&linkId=JWKBUTMCOWYQRFRU
But the laptop listed above is a little more expensive than this Dell. So in the end I decided to give this Dell my first shot; I do however realize this is not the best laptop out there but the fit and finish is very nice. It’s completely white with black keys on the inside and black on the outside which actually looks quite nice. Webcam looks very clear in a well lit room (haven't tested it in a dark room yet).
There is another simple reason to choose this laptop over other options: It boots in a few seconds and you get the 1tb compactly. Also looking at used laptops with equivalent specifications, you would be hard pressed to find a much better deal for this price. With 8 GB of ram it’s not terrible. So for the price I will give this laptop 9/10.
Overall, I'm happy to have this laptop. The drawbacks are minor, and what you get for the price made it easily the best choice for me!
R3HS10185D0S0->excellent computer....excellent customer service from seller......now, if I can only get used to windows 10
R2E2WJ5SP0YM4B->This laptop is defintely wonderful for every one, not ony for engineer, programer, teacher, students, gamers but also for the child, the teenage, the old. Why should we choose this laptop?.
With the smart and high specifications,
ex:
  Intel Core i5-5200U Processor (3M Cache, up to 2.70 GHz)
  8 GB DDR3L SDRAM
  1000 GB 5400 rpm Hard Drive
  15.6-Inch Screen
  Windows 10
This laptop can do so many things, such as programing, playing game, watching videos, make the text...so cold.
