R3168N6G3TAFM7->None
R2KSGA7JF9DI1X->Just what I needed.
R3UPT1WY2W7Y4B->Marginnal
R102S4F8OABZRN->None
R1CCZRPB10HQ9R->A darned nice laptop.  The tablet would be good if the screen automatically rotated, which I can't get it to do.
R2X01IGC8ST76Y->None
RTLH7S7ODMOAL->None
RKRWNWGM3RI7V->None
R3JX25CK5IA6U4->None
R3VG2MDVU05O8X->None
RPHCAK4AFPWLM->Unfortunately, this is the first Dell product that I have been disappointed with.  Seemed to have a defective wifi adaptor and power adaptor.  Despite loading latest drivers, the Wi-Fi had a tendency to drop and not connect automatically.  Otherwise is a beautiful little laptop at a good price.  Nice 2 in 1 design.  Perhaps I got a defective model.  Nevertheless, I returned mine and ended up getting a far superior MS Surface Pro, but at a much higher price.
R4Z8WLWDN9M5E->None
R2N07FT7KXBQ6L->None
R3LTJQY4O37FHB->None
R2IVHMK1GW83DB->At first, I wasn’t too interested in getting a laptop/tablet. However, my sister’s first laptop was a Dell Mini and, if it wasn’t for the speed, I would have been interested in getting one. I saw this at a local store and decided to research it.
Yes, we already had Samsung tablets. However, considering the fact that the entire tablet is a touch screen, you can, accidentally, touch the screen and throw off the navigation. We already had 15” laptops. But, comparing using this to using a 15”, this was much easier to handle.
I could only find one speed test online. But, it handled 1080p video with relative ease. It seemed rather impressive for a small laptop. Furthermore, Intel seems to have made great strides in their Celeron series because this performed far better compared with the Mini (mind you, the Mini was back in 2009 and it had an Atom).
One quirk I found was when I was upgrading to Windows 10. The upgrade went successful. But, I had no control over the brightness setting. It was staying dim. When I came back from work the next day, I connected the laptop to the internet and let it upgrade itself. I don’t know which upgrade it was or just the fact that I did a Dell System Detect. But, it resolved the brightness issue.
The one downside I’ve found is when I tried to upgrade my hard drive. I had a 1tb I was going to use to replace the 500gb. When I put the 1tb in, the screws wouldn’t screw down all the way. Furthermore, when I put my laptop back together, it was bulging. I made sure the laptop still worked before I completely put it back together and the bulge isn’t affecting performance. The bulge is so gradual that you’ve have to look at it from the side to even notice it anyways. Occasionally, the keyboard doesn’t want to work. But, that problem is intermittent. I’ve ordered a 7mm, 1tb HD on Amazon for under $100. This does mean that I’ll be spending a little more on a used, $270 laptop. But, I think the investment outweighs the extra costs.
R2QQ47QNQKHCZH->None
RNF8T0HSF70MQ->None
R3VBYO1MTQTGUE->This computer is quick to start up and easy to work with.  Only draw back is when in the tent configuration it is hard to figure out how to flip the screen so everything is viewed correctly instead of upside down.  Other than that the weight is perfect lighter than a book.  Keyboard is a good size were you can easily type with two hands or you can just as easily type with one.  The tablet mode is great when just taking notes or watching a show or presentation.
R1BVYNWFAK1E7C->Good deal. Great product great price
R3KZGYMUKQXX2X->I bought this for my daughter for middle school as I have been very happy with my dell laptops so far. However, this one is of really bad quality. The first one we received had a non-functioning keyboard. After countless hours with Dell computer support in India, they could not fix this over the phone and sent another computer. The second one has a non-functioning mouse pad. After countless hours with Dell technical support in India, they told me this second computer is also defective.  I am running out of patience and trying to get a refund but so far without success, Dell is sending me from customer support to technical support, then I get disconnected and I have to go through the same process again…I am very frustrated.
R1HOOH4XODFERJ->None
R3940Q3FOS4153->None
R7T81UFGYZ7HX->This computer started having problems just as the warranty ended. Some of the keys will not work. When I called Tech support at Dell, before they figured my computer was no longer under warranty, the support person was rude and wanted to send me to the pay support site immediately. So this computer only lasted a year and the tech support is rude at Dell
R1W9ZZTXMHRTOX->None
R2AYGXYHVZVVG4->None
R25TXGOAC0TPKR->None
R1I553RLDE25V8->replace the wifi card with the Intel 7260 for 2x2 AC for $25 and you're golden. The factory wifi card is crap
R2HCBGGVLMDO4B->Let me preface my review by saying that I've been a Mac/Apple user for about 8 years now.  A friend of mine who is very knowledgeable about computers has relentlessly teased me about it and insisted that Mac/Apple products are highly overrated and overpriced.  So when I was looking to buy a second, more lightweight machine.  I heeded his advice and bought this device.  I haven't ever wanted to throw a laptop against the wall or out the window more than I have this device.  I'm not a techie so I can't talk about it like one, I will just highlight the main reasons I hate it.  Firstly, no matter how many times I try to adjust the screen, I can never get all of the viewable parts of a web page/document to fit in the screen.  There is so much bloatware installed on the machine, and then the things that used to come free with Windows/Microsoft products do not come free anymore, and in fact, Office is subscription based now, wanting a minimum of $8.99 a month!  And you can't even view MS Word documents unless you subscribe to the service.  So I'm having all these software and function issues and my friend (who recommended I buy this machine) is telling me all these very complicated ways to fix the problems, usually involving installing more programs, etc.  Also, he's telling me to do all these things to avoid the default updates to Windows 10.  And I just keep thinking over and over how I wish I'd just shelled out the extra moolah to buy a Mac!  At least everything I need comes already installed, no bloatware, and everything works on a Mac.  Sorry to offend the anti-Mac people but that's how I feel.
RROIU6N8JYW9S->None
R2QSFGAKU6D3O->Great product for the price! It's versatile, light weight, and has a good battery life.
