RNXBB2NJ4CDE0->So many bugsI'm returning it because there's too many bugs to handle. The graphics driver crashes every 3 minutes when watching YouTube or playing a game online that relies on Flash. The battery life? It's freaking horrendous. It advertises 9 and I'm lucky to get 3. No, I'm not the one with a glitches SP4 because I've exchanged it MULTIPLE TIMES and they all had a different problem. You lost a customer Microsoft, I thought I'd actually leave Apple for you, and I love the concept of the laptop, but I can't Stand these dank bugs.
R2G91N4AYRROYN->My first surface pro and must say I'm impressed. The quality and performance alone have me locked for future versions. Going from windows 7 to 10, still learning the ins and out of the system. I found if you disable some of the background apps you'll have longer battery, going to remove some of the apps I've no need of.
R358HMXBWJ0QWD->I think the market for this is someone who wants a tablet and notebook all in one - which is exactly how they market it so no surprise there. However with that said just note that it doesn't do either thing as well as a dedicated tablet or notebook. I had the Surface Pro 3 for a month last year before returning it at the last moment as I just couldn't justify the cost, and I think I might end up doing the same thing here - however I have a ton of computers and tablets so that is certainly a big factor. However the main huge factor is I also ended up getting an iPad Pro... and that is fantastic and makes me pretty much never pick up the Surface. This doesn't mean the Surface is bad, it's excellent - it's just not as excellent as my iPad Pro or my MacBook Pro (which is running Windows 99% of the time so it's not an OSX deal). Again however if you want only one device this is an excellent signal solution, it doesn't do anything poorly, but again it rarely excels at anything either.More thoughts...The screen is excellent - it looks great, gets pretty bright, has good color and is fairly accurate on the color.The pen is very good - but not excellent. Compared to the iPad Pro with the Apple Pencil, the pen on the Surface is fairly slow to respond - I mean the vast majority of people won't really know it, but if you're using it for art or design, there isn't quite enough precision to replace a Wacom, but I'd put it on-par with Wacom's cheapest offerings like a Bamboo. If you're just using it to take notes it should work well enough. The other note is Windows... it's not always fun to use with the pen. Using this with Photoshop can be frustrating as Windows often will think you're swiping in from the edges, etc - hopefully it's something MS can take care of in future Windows updates.Speed is quite good but remember this is a dual core mobile processor, it's no slouch but it's not going to keep up with a non-compact notebook in the same price range.8GB of ram is fine, but seriously it's 2015, almost 2016... Windows 10 does a great job with lower RAM requirements but this should have 16GB of ram at this price level, that would make me feel a lot better about keeping this a few years.256GB SSD is again fine, but again I'd hope for more at the price range - but I'll take an SSD anyday over a larger non-SSD, so I guess it will do - but anyone can look-up the prices of drives and you'll know there isn't a $400 price difference between a 256 and a 512gb drive. The performance of the drive is pretty snappy, no complaints there.Form factor is good, but this goes back to it being a jack of all trades. Somehow this (without the keyboard) is supposed to weigh the same as the iPad Pro, yet if you hold both you'd swear the iPad Pro is lighter, and quite a bit lighter. If you're comparing this to a tablet this is quite large still - and since you have a fan in there it can get a bit loud. This isn't a big deal and rarely happens but just something to keep in mind if you think you're getting a true tablet - it's the price you pay for having a full PC in your hands. Personally I'm not a huge fan of holding the Surface, it feels great but it feels like if you dropped it more than a foot it would shatter. That is most likely not the case, but it feels very dense and thus dropping it feels like it would be a big deal. If you're comparing it to a notebook then this is an excellent size - but while the new keyboard is a huge upgrade over the Surface Pro 3 keyboard, it's still not up to par with a decent notebook keyboard. Again it's not bad at all, just not excellent.Overall it probably sounds like I'm bashing the Surface more than I actually intend, I really do like it and if I had to choose to either get a tablet or a notebook, then I'd get this since it does both. But I'd much rather have a proper notebook and a full on tablet.Purchased this at a chain store so it won't say verified, but I did indeed purchase it...
RCCJ1KS451K9W->Excitedly purchased from the Microsoft online store the first day it was available. But it turned out to be a piece of garbage. Nothing but frustration and problems. Never could get it to work consistently. After one month the keyboard completely stopped working, and I gave up. It's going back on the next UPS truck.
R22OLZVSMZQ75W->Cheap?  Really!!!!
R3V564OYBCUNMY->I received my Surface Pro 4 two days ago. I may be lucky, but I really had zero problem with my new baby. And it is by far the best technical device I have ever bought. For now, I have nothing but positive to say. Ultra light, incredible screen, super fast. Wow!
R23GU1XZ94PLN0->Seriously, why release a product you know is junk?First one stopped working entirely after a few days and several hours of time setting up the device.  It started with the screen switching to vertical black and coloured lines with a light tap to the top of the device, so there's a hardware problem.  After the second time that happened it stopped working entirely.  Tech support response?  Yes, we know it doesn't work properly.Second one, the task bar stopped working after about an hour of use.  Tech support response?  Yes, we know it doesn't work properly.  Please reinstall the OS.  By the way, you can't use the recovery partition we set aside on the SSD, you have to download the same recovery partition and waste a USB stick to be able to use it.So, two major problems that MS knows are there.  Two crippling problems.  On a very, very expensive device.My advice?  Get a Mac.  I hate them.  The OS is difficult to use, it's not at all intuitive, the keyboard is bad and they're even more expensive.  But they work and you can install Windows 7 on them.
R3PBBV52LTUYD2->Great product and a great price... Delivered on time...
RWUS8DN7EEGQJ->I like it, better than the previous model
R190PDDCTN47O2->I've been playing around with the SP4 for a couple weeks, and have decided to keep it as my primary computer. THAT BEING SAID, this is typical Microsoft, where they had a deadline and released a buggy product because they could...SP4, I5, 16gb of RAM, 256gb hard drive, Touch keyboard with fingerprint scanner, ordered directly from Microsoft.For the good, I really like this tablet. I love the fingerprint sensor on the keyboard. The battery life is good enough, and overall it's a good experience.Now for the bugs:1. Sometimes when it goes to sleep it won't wake up and you have to restart.2. Sometimes the keyboard won't work. Restart required.3. Sometimes the touch screen would just die. Restart required.4. One time I came back to it and the fan was running full speed even though it was off.5. Auto-brightness seems a little finicky. Will initially be too dim, then when you give up and brighten it yourself, it will go significantly brighter, and you have to dim it again...then it settles down.6. A little slow to wake up, so you are wondering if it's going to require a restart.I've downloaded firmware updates from Microsoft's website, and the experience is improving and the bugs seem to be going away...but they should have just fixed the thing before releasing. Hence a 3 star rating instead of a 4.5 which is what it deserves when it is working right.
R765757576->It seems like the big question right now is, "Do I get the Surface Pro 4 or the Surface Book?"I'll explain why I chose the Surface Pro 4, but first, a quick about me. I am a college student majoring in EECS and I commute 4 hours a day by bus so having a light backpack is important to me.The S.Book is almost two times heavier than the SP4. It packs much more computing power than the SP4, but as an EECS major, I don't need the extra power that the S.Book has. I don't plan to play any intensive games or render/animate things so the SP4 fits my needs better. The S.Book also has a $400 higher price tag ($270 if you get the Type Cover for the SP4) that I'm not willing to pay for unneeded performance. I haven't tried the S.Book's keyboard, but the SP4's keyboard feels great to type on and other reviewers have said both keyboards are amazing. Reading textbooks or other PDF's feels much more natural with the SP4's tablet form. The S.Book without the keyboard only has a battery life of 3 hours, and although it can be used with the keyboard 'wrapped' around the back, I think that it'll only be a hassle for me to deal with. I'd rather not deal with having to detach the S.Book every time I want to use it in tablet mode. If you plan to render/animate things you should probably consider going with the Surface Book. Otherwise, I highly recommend the Surface Pro 4 for doing everyday/light to medium tasks.Now onto the actual Surface Pro 4 Review.I love the SP4. In the past year, I've owned an iPad Air, MacBook Pro, and the Razer Blade 2015. The SP4 fits my needs the best by far.The SP4 replaces both my textbooks and notebooks. For me, this is a big deal because I no longer have to carry around my notebooks, textbooks, and supplemental writing materials (highlighters, etc). The Surface Pen tips can be replaced with other pen tips to change the writing "feedback" feeling but the stock pen tip feels great. OneNote keeps all my notes organized and being able to access them from any device is incredibly convenient. Using the Surface Pen for writing on textbooks and PDF's is also very useful.I've been getting ~7-9 hours of battery life on the SP4 which is more than enough to get me through a school day. The screen is not too small like the iPad, neither is it bulky like a laptop. The screen resolution is high and text/videos are crisp and easy to read/watch. The magnet on the left side of the SP4 is surprising strong and holds the Surface Pen well. The magnet on the right side is significantly weaker (maybe because all the I/O ports are on this side) but it can hold the pen well. The kickstand works perfectly and stays in the position I set it to. The SP4 Type Cover feels great and protects your screen when you aren't using it.Gaming shouldn't be the main reason you buy the SP4, but it could run some games if you decide to do so. I did try running StarCraft II and Heroes of the Storm and the SP4 handled it pretty well. I wouldn't even bother trying to run more demanding games such as GTAV on the SP4. That being said, the gaming experience was rather unpleasant. You should consider the Surface Book if you plan to game on-the-go frequently.Software-wise, I don't have much to comment on. It looks and performs exactly like Windows 10 should on a normal desktop or laptop. I've never used the Microsoft Store and don't intend to so I don't know much about the apps that are available on the SP4.The only con I found with this device is the fact that it only has a single USB port. It's inconvenient when I'm using the SP4 with a mouse and I need to use my flash drive. I haven't had any overheating issues and I can't find any issues with the build quality.In closing, I don't think anyone else offers the performance and quality that the Surface Pro 4 has in the same lightweight and thin chassis. It is incredibly versatile and it has replaced many heavy and cumbersome objects in my bag.I'll update this review as I continue to use the SP4. Feel free to leave questions/comments and I will try my best to answer them.
R76575765->It's better than expected as am a Mac user since 2003 and I use to hate windows but windows 10 is so perfect and smooth and the surface hardware is excellent the build Quilty is amazing just one thing is missing which is apps for the tablet mode but am betting now on Microsoft I can't say more except it worth the try as apple won't give us a touch OSX they just gave us a giant iPad
R43242090->While there are still some software issues that need to be worked out, on the whole this device is fantastic. There is no better pen and touch device out there. This is the Ultimate OneNote machine.
R8768768->Just got this yesterday, the i7 one, installed the art program I used and they work quite well, no lag that's noticeable yet. Will see how well it is later on.
R7687898->I've been a Surface Pro user for a few years now and I still rely on my Surface Pro 3. I probably would have passed on the 4 but I dropped my 3 and figured I should see if the 4 hype is warranted. It isn't.The increase in speed, graphics clarity and camera power weren't particularly noticeable to me. I did notice that the 4 I received ran hot. It ran noisily - the fan ran too often and too long, well, maybe not as long as I would prefer since the battery life is pretty minimal.I returned the 4 within days - if you have a 3 - wait for the 5.
R5675216->Amazon threatened me stopping my Amazon account after returning 2 of defective units, tons of issues like BSOD, driver crashing, loose casing, poor battery life, dead/hot pixels excessive right bleed and etc. the s***ty quality of this product is not Amazon's fault but I guess I have to stop purchasing MS product from Amazon at least. I love the idea of the product and have owned SP3 that was already sold for 4. It's a shame MS screwed up the launch of this product so bad.. If you are on the fense of ordering it. I recommend wait for a few months until all the issues are ironed out.
R45387835->So after living with the freezes, the audio pops and issues waking from sleep mode I finally got cheesed off because location services weren't working and Cortana wouldn't recognise the microphone. Resetting now, but seems like it's stuck at 6%. It's been at this point for nearly an hour.I know others on here have implied they've got more than 8 hours battery life, but even with the screen dimmed to 25% the Surface only lasted around 3 hours tonight before I had enough.I really love the Surface when it works, but it has too many issues and I'm seriously considering taking it back for a refund - a laptop that costs nearly a grand with type cover shouldn't be this borked.Microsoft should have seriously fixed all these issues before launch. They've really put me off to the point where I'm tempted to go and look at the iPad Pro instead.
R873642768->I wanted to love this product but was a HUGE disappointment. This product has some pretty serious video driver issues.
R876826->I received my Surface Pro 4 (i5 256gb, 8gb RAM) today and played with it for about 30 minutes. Everything looked well until I put it into sleep and it NEVER wakes up. I've tried two button reboot, didn't work, and contacted Microsoft service. They told me to do a slightly different version to reboot it but still did not work. I will see tomorrow if a nearby Microsoft Store can fix it. Well, the reason why I give it 1 star, beside the defects, is I need to make an appointment with the technician at the store.Updated: It seems like there's a hotfix (firmware update) the day I received it and Microsoft put it on top priority updating it. So the way of avoiding it is to update your Surface Pro ASAP and not put it into sleep. Problem solved, So I will give this beast 5 Stars.
R87327979837->I really, really, wanted to like this. However, after a couple of weeks of ownership I had to return it. There are just so many glitches and problems that it is completely unusable. I may try it again later, hoping they fix all the problems.
R87348268->I purchased a Surface Pro 4 in October directly from Microsoft. Microsoft has built a nice piece of hardware that fills an important niche for the true tablet computer - not a "pad" or a "tablet" - a real computer with muscle. The screen resolution is great, the pencil works well and in included with the purchase. The keyboard trackpad is noisy and distracting - but it works well. Their direction with Windows - for a single operating system across computer, tablet and mobile devices is long overdue. Apple should take note of that. That said, I'm rating this 2 stars because of frustrations with Windows 10 - making the Surface Pro product less desirable. In my experience, the Windows-Surface combination has been unstable and subject to serious security issues. I had to reset my Surface Pro to factory setting once already to clean out malware. The entire computer locked up on me once -- black screen of death -- and it took some doing to revive it. The Windows default browser is pretty useless and even has difficulty connecting to Microsoft websites. When I've tried to get to their support area I get messages that the server is down, or not available or whatever. So, my Surface Pro stays in airplane mode except when it is absolutely necessary to get on-line. We pray it works during presentations and other times when we need it to --- so far so good. All this said, it is my understanding that most Windows advocates understand the shortcomings of the OS and have sound work arounds, other 3rd party software (like Google-Chrome Browser), that makes things work. If you are comfortable with Windows and need the portability of a tablet computer this could be a great device for you. For the record, I attempted to post a similar review directly with Microsoft and they refused to post it -- I guess they only want the most favorable reviews on their site. Thank you Amazon, for being fair minded.
R86483628->This is my review as a student and an avid windows 7 fan.First of all, this is a great piece of hardware, and I would love the Pro4 if it wasn't for the hulking dump of crap that is Microsoft Software (windows 10, office, etc.).Here is what happens every time I have 1 hour to study something.1) Take the surface out of my bag and push the power button. WAIT 5-6 minutes for it to boot up, even though I never turned it off.2) Spend 10-20 minutes trouble shooting my internet connection, and in general deal with the s***ty wifi connection (even when I have full bars, as I can literally see the wifi router).3) Try to figure out why Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, or Note are not starting up (even though the task is running in the manager).4) Put the surface back in my bag, and use the lab computer.This should not be the case if I paid $1200 for a machine.
R723467326->Great laptop alternative but I find it a little bit heavy to carry around (not like an ipad) . Overall I find it great that it runs full windows and full office / windows applications. I also find boot times very fast and the screen is very responsive. overall solid build quality and decent battery life. Not sure I would replace my laptop with this , but it is great to haul around on trips
R76327467->We bought 3 for the Office fully loaded with additional warranty.They works great when it's working right.Right of the bat, I had seen several issues.One of my SP4 doesn't work with the Surface Dock to display to 2 external monitors.(Confirmed that the other 2 SP4 works just fine)Microsoft support is not that helpful.After talking to my re-seller, I'm going to try to exchange it to the MS.Store and see how the process goWhen you have your type cover folded back (table stand/docking style), you can't turn on the Surface. You'll get stuck at Surface logo.You have to fold the type cover like the laptop style to start the Surface first before folding it back to put on your cubicle.As of 11/16 with latest Update, this bug still has not been fixed.There are random major slowdown at times that's highly unusual with laptop with SSD. I'm still not able to pinpoint what cause it.I suspect either keyboard/touchscreen/input issue or network drives issues, since our SP4 is connected to the domain.Windows Hello is great when it's working, it works about 80% of the time.At times, I noticed that if your camera is angled up against the ceiling light, it has issue with windows hello recognition.Surface Pen,I don't really find any real business usage for the pen.Yeah it's neat to have, but I don't use them enough..For almost $2,000 (touch cover, dock, 4yrs warranty) we spent for each machine it's kind of unacceptable.At the end of the days, for regular user, if you have no need for the pen, I would go with an Ultrabook for about $700, compared to spending close to $2000 for this machine.
R763248628->I got this recently as a replacement for my laptop. My laptop was actually working fine, but it was bulky and heavy. I wanted something lightweight that had the ability to act as a regular Windows computer. I was going to get the Surface Pro 3, but then I decided to wait a few months for the Surface Pro 4. I'm glad I did. I actually really love this computer despite the hiccups at launch (I got mine on the day it was released). I haven't been this excited about a new piece of tech since I got my very first iPhone almost 10 years ago. To be honest, the Surface is what I wish the iPad had been - a powerful computer that would lighten the load on my backpack when I'm traveling. However the iPad was extremely hard to be productive on, and it ended up sitting on my shelf collecting dust. After a few initial bugs (which have mostly been ironed out by Microsoft) I'm happy to say that the Surface is extremely fun to use, fast, and has all the flexibility that a normal PC has. The display is simply beautiful - the contrast, color, and clarity of the screen is amazing. It's quite the luxury after my washed out laptop screen. The pen is a nice accessory although I will be honest that I haven't found much use for it beyond doing the New York Times crossword puzzle (which is actually strangely satisfying when using the pen). They keyboard cover is lightweight enough to not add too much to the tablet, and the feel is great for quick typists like myself.I will say that the Surface is not without some lingering bugs. I have faith that Microsoft will get these sorted, but they aren't deal breakers by any means (at least for myself). The worst is that sometimes the computer doesn't go into or out of sleep mode properly. However until that's fixed I will just shut down the computer when leaving it for long periods of time....it really only takes a few seconds longer. The only other thing is battery life - it knocks the pants off my old laptop's measly 1.5 hours of battery life. However, it's not quite the 9 hours or so that was advertised. It's more like 5-6 hours of real world usage.Overall if you're looking for something lightweight that has the power and flexibility of a full Windows rig, look no further.
R786324868->The SP4 has the same Limited Connectivity WiFi issue as previous SP's. Microsoft says (11/1) an corrective update will be coming, yet can't say when. Until then, there is no wifi for most cable providers or public access points (I.e. s'bucks) therefore severely limiting use by people to actually use the device as designed. You can verify this issue by checking MS tech forums. Until this issue is resolved, I really can't recommend any S/SP device.
R57665675->Great machine, but not much difference between the two. My 3 wlrks just as great.
R78643876->You will like it if you mainly use it as a laptop. I dose all the job that a PC can do and it's extremely portable which is why I liked it.However, I experienced multiple issues when I use it as a tablet.1. The camera is terrible. I have to stay still for about 10 seconds until it can finally focus and take the photo. And there's a lot of glitches during video shooting.2. the pen is not very smooth.3. had some other issues during web browsing.
R87423784->I am really dissapointed. It shows some lags I can not connect it via bluetooth with my speakers. and it stops while watching a movie on Full HD
R6786876->Out of the box, the first one wouldn't boot. It was stuck in Automatic Repairs hell. None of the options to restore or reset it worked.I exchanged it and the second one worked for about an hour and now has the same issue.Too bad. It seemed like a good piece of hardware and filled a niche.I'm not going to risk having the same issue after weeks or months of use when it has my docs and content on it, though. Can't trust it.
R78676876->The Surface Pro 4 is the most versatile product I have ever owned. It's beauty is unmatched and its power out of this world. Buy it now!
R78687687->I received the SP4 one day after it was released and I have been working with it now for three weeks. I have been using a MacBook Pro 15" inch for the last 7 years and iPad since 2011. Here are my impressions:- I think the best use for the SP4 is a "mobile desktop". The SP4 shines when connected to an external monitor and wireless keyboard & mouse. I say mobile desktop because it is 1.7 lbs, so moving it between my home office and work office is extremely easy. Just plug it and you have a full powerful desktop. I give it here 5/5 stars. I would give my older Macbook Pro 4/5 because is is heavier, 4.7 lbs, to carry around- I think the second best use is tablet. While its SW is not optimized for touch and it is not light like iPad Air (1lb), I still think the combination of the large screen 12" (dedicated for single app), kickstand, and stylus is great, so I give it in that regard 4/5 and I give my iPad 3.5/5.- I think the worst use for SP4 is laptop mode. In laptop mode, the screen becomes small for multiple apps; furthermore, the highly reflective screen makes it hard to work for a long time on it. I give it here a score of 3/5 while I give my Macbook Pro 5/5.Overall I give it 3/5 because of the poor battery life that does not last beyond 4-5 hours of real use. Is it for you? It depends on how to use it. If you are a road warrior always working in hotels, airplanes and cafes, then I do not think you should get it. If you plan to spend 70-80% of the time pairing it with a large screen and wireless keyboard then definitely get it. If you really need a stylus (teachers and students) in tablet mode then get it. If there is no urgent need, then you should wait because the SW has lots of bugs and MS is still rolling out critical updates. In terms of HW, I feel the worst aspects are 1) poor battery life, 2) high reflectively screen, 3) power button next to volume button, and 4) one USB slot.
R767867->I love this products and i think i made a good choice to buy this
R8687687->Seems like they should have waited another month or two before releasing this into the wild. Overall, it's an excellently crafted piece of hardware, but it has a lot of minor bugs that lead to me returning it - because for $1200 after keyboard and taxes, I expected a tablet that works next to flawlessly.It has a lot of issues waking up, I found online that many users have to press a button on the keyboard to exit sleeping.It has a lot of issues with Chrome - although this may be Chrome's fault - but Hangouts won't dock on the bottom bar, and if you alternate between touch and mouse, your mouse will disappear and won't come back until you restart the unit.Onenote2016 - the built in software that you are stuck with when you push the eraser in - has a lot of issues. The first thing I did was spend a few hours drawing diagrams for a table I was building, and the next time I opened it, every diagram I had drawn was missing pieces, some small, some massive (50% of a diagram was MIA, just random pieces erased). From what I gathered, this is some issue that it's had for a while with text processing, no fix from MS.I had a couple hardware issues - the pen's Cortana button didn't work, and the charger's USB port didn't work.Beyond these issues, the hardware is very well done and I expect this will be an awesome product after(/if) they iron the kinks out, but for now it has a lot of small bugs that make it not worth keeping for me.
R8768762->At first I was a little skeptical, coming from an apple user to microsoft. But I got the tablet specifically for use of the pen, illustration, and being able to use full photoshop and creative cloud. As of right now, it seems to be serving my needs well.
R767231576->Usually a three star review represents an average product. This three star review represents half of a five-star product and half of a one-star product. At the moment, I feel like I have Schrodinger's Surface: either it's going to be my primary computer for a few years, or I'm going to return it and curse Microsoft's name.It all depends on whether, and how quickly, Microsoft fixes the various bugs that are currently part of the Surface Pro 4 experience.First, the positives:If you've played with the Surface Pro 3, you know that you can fry an egg on it after 15 minutes of use. The Surface Pro 4 has fixed this, which means it's actually viable as a tablet for an extended time.The touch screen is very responsive. This is my first touch screen computer, and I'm surprised how often I find myself reaching up and scrolling instead of using the keyboard's trackpad.The pen is great. It took me about a day to get used to writing with it (my notes during the first day are irredeemable), but since then I haven't picked up my paper notebook. The pen shines best in OneNote, PDF annotation (SP4 comes with an amazing app, Drawboard PDF) and the art apps (SP4 comes with FreshPaint, which is a joy). The pen is also useful in other apps too: I use it to select text in the browser and in documents, and to extend calculations in Excel.The screen looks great.Windows 10 is a great step forward.OneNote is just really cool.The keyboard is amazing.Next, the negatives:As shipped, your battery will drain while the computer is asleep, even quicker than when it's awake. You can fix this by updating your battery driver, but it's a problem out of box.Browsing certain sites causes the computer serious problems. The screen will flash various colors, and eventually blink out with an error message. Occasionally, it will force the computer to restart. Edge, the Internet Explorer replacement, while buggy itself (it refuses to load about one in every three sites), is a lot worse on the Surface, for some reason. I expected Microsoft hardware to play nice with Microsoft software, but that hasn't been my experience so far.I'm so used to on-screen keyboards reading my mind and appearing whenever I need to type. Surface (or perhaps Windows 10) has a long way to go in that department.When I first started using the Surface, it would crash nearly every time the screen rotated. This was fixed by an update.The Surface's screen resolution presents problems with a lot of non-Microsoft Products, and buttons will show up tiny. The Surface doesn't seem like to attach programs to the very top of the screen--locking a program to the top leaves a centimeter or so of the desktop at the top, even for Office Products.The microphone seems to occasionally, and randomly, fail. The camera didn't work out of box either--you have to update in the Windows Store.Microsoft support. My pen's eraser cursor no longer registers, and I've tried three separate times to troubleshoot it using Microsoft's online support team. The first time, I think the guy used my question to go on break, and after 20 minutes he had done little more than verify my account. The last person had me go through all the troubleshooting steps, then once that didn't work, claimed that he scheduled a call with the resolutions team. The call never came. At this point, I prefer a broken product over working with the support team.Overall, it is a great piece of hardware. Windows 10 is a huge step forward and the Office Suite is unparalleled for productivity, especially with OneNote. The hardware and software don't work together. With all the bugs, you will have to spend quite a bit of time just keeping your Surface in working condition. If you don't mind doing that, you will eventually have a great computer and a very good tablet. Just don't get it for your tech-novice relative.
R76387634->Upgraded from SP3.SP3 was fantastic.This Surface is surprisingly superior.Why?Keyboard is substantially beater (feels like about 90% as good as a high end laptop)Display is slightly larger, and noticeably better than the SP3 displayPen is substantially improvedPlus all the reasons why Surface Pro 3 was so great: run legacy apps, get real work done, be entertained.Updates are automatic, but do them manually when your SP4 first arrives. Microsoft is smart, they are improving their hardware, firmware, and software so it evolves.Highest of recommendations.
R7867686->I'm a long-time Surface user beginning with the 2 and recently the 3. Debated quite a bit before buying the 4. Totally sold:- Screen is awesome and you'll notice there are no visual pixels like with the 2 and 3 even when up close.- The pen had mix reviews, but it is totally a better experience than the 3. The tip slows your writing just a bit and my writing looks just like paper.- The bump in processor speed over my i5 3 is awesome. Couldn't believe how much faster browsing and other functions were.My only gripe is the auto brightness. Flickers at low levels and bothered my eyes. A bit of a pain, but I adjust to 25, 50, 75 or 100%. When I'm taking notes in a darker room I have to adjust manually.I bought this from a Microsoft Store and did have a problem with the first one. It bricked after a Windows Update. Took it back and got a new one in a box. Second one is terrific.
R768687->A product is judged by its highest standards. When a consumer compromises he is only to blame. I returned my first unit because it became unresponsive. It also had noticbale quality issues; wobbling when opened, some light bleed. No need to reiterate the software issues. I will not buy again until Microsoft fixes all the issues to an acceptable level. I will buy it, but not until it is to my purchasing standards. Patiently waiting to buy the Surface Pro 4 at the right time, but not now.
R8979870->Don't buy this
R2368163->I used the device for a little more than 1 week.Here are the reasons why I returned my Surface Pro 4:1- The screen bends during normal stylus use, this might be normal but it feels like it might eventually damage it. Also the screen gets quite hot and you can feel it when you rest your palm on it, even with light usage.2- The hinge is a bit "slack" and wobbles, which is not normal for a product of that price.3- The display kept crashing even after all the updates installed. I am assuming that this is a problem that will be fixed in the future but it was very frustrating.4- When using the stylus, the cursor gets slow at the edges of the screen which is very abnormal. This is also very frustrating since I bought this tablet principally to use it as a note taking device.5- The battery life is very poor, even with "Performance Options" set to "Adjust for best performance" and with minimum brightness I could get no more than 5h of battery life.
R90809890->I am getting great use out of it so far. Mainly using it for school as a teacher.
R09809809->I was extremely excited to get my hands on a SP4. I've only owned mine for 3 days at the tone of this review but I've had many problems already. So far it has crashed on me twice while taking pictures in the One Note app, 3 different times it wouldn't wake from sleep and I had yo do hard restarts, and now 2 times "touch" stopped working and I had to restart to regain touch functions. Also Cortana would not pick up my voice one time which I also had to restart to correct.I hate writing a bad review for something I wanted so badly, but it seems Microsoft has a bunch of kinks that they didn't bother ironing out... Maybe my unit is just defective.I will update if I send in for a replacement.
R89798798->I've had one a week. So far:WiFi slow and buggy. Intermittently drops signal.Defect in glass. Had one unit replaced.Pen broken during normal use (they're sending a new one, takes a week).Touchscreen crashes during normal use at least once every 2 hours (happened 6 times today).Customer support barely speaks English, has no real answers and their solution to fixing my problems is to reset it, wipe it and start over, refresh it (so once every 2 hours I just start over from nothing!!! FIXES EVERYTHING!!!)I had a 1st Gen Surface Pro. Loved it. No problems.This one is $1000 trash. Buy one if you want to join the ranks of Microsoft Beta Testing, because it is FAR from a quality, finished product.
R3487687->working fine after many updates
R90823098->Just google windows 10 spyware / privacy. [edit: look for the stories on Forbes for example if you think it's just crazy internet people] Surface Pro 3 was finally getting close to being a decent device (you don't even have to reboot every day!), but so much tracking in the new devices...
R340982->Would be nice if it worked after turning it on the second time.Worked fine the first day, and then the next day it had a registry error during start up. Unable to complete a restore or full reset. Then stuck with 'surface' screen on and off. Couldn't turn the machine off or stop that cycle.Miserable launch by M$.Waiting for a replacement.
R0149348->Well, so far the Surface Pro is nice, but the pen died in under and hour. I tried all the troubleshooting online, and then went to Microsoft for support. After 90 minutes of dinking around, they finally agreed to replace it - they said it should arrive in 6-8 days.... ouch !! I just ordered another pen on Amazon which arrives in a day - hopefully it was a fluke......
R90832042->The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is a step up in technology. Taken me a while to become proficient with it by I just love it. I had a I Pad which I found to be almost worthless for what I wanted to do with it. About all it was good for was getting e-mail when traveling and taking pictures. My Surface Pro 4 way more usable.