RECRLQU12U24P->thanks for my order, it arrived in perfect condition
R1YT6Z1RUSNH9H->terrible! it gave out in two weeks.
R3GC8Y4Y7HLSX1->I'm very satisfy with my computer. It's in great condition like it said. The delivery took a few weeks but it was in good hands of the delivery.
R1O1NKTUTZ0FYU->It's used, but other than a few scratched on the bottom it looks and acts as new. Very happy with it.
R2RFQE12EZHZ1X->I was pleasantly surprised to see how well this computer runs with being a refurbished item. It runs like a brand new computer! Easy to navigate and user friendly.  It did have a few scratches on it but they are superficial. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for an affordable notebook.
R2PAK1QVULNRXF->I know it's old, but this certain DELL laptop, if most people don't know it's a GREAT laptop for CHEAP.
RU66JHKYKSM1P->As expected for used and works well. Husband loves it for work use. Shipped in decent time. Thanks!
R1A2LBFMGGLHNQ->It's hard to believe that the price is so low for a computer that works like new..
R31IWN1ZQXH5F6->Great
RXCGOZHQMYL39->it a used laptop. it have a old system. it crash, i had to fix.
R279R21MC20S65->Laptop overheated, the charging unit got quite hot when used for charging the battery. The CD drawer didn't open properly. Not satisfied with the laptop at all. I sent back for refund, not received quality merchandise or my money back. Disappointing to Say the least
R2FX9TV6KL9WGC->works good it just dos not have full files . an a small hard drive .
R2BTTHULJQYQSL->I bought this as a birthday gift for my 12 year old son, and he loves it. He's had it for about a month, and plays games, does homework, watches movies, and youtube with no trouble. Not a bad laptop for what you get.
R2HVMQEIQKT2OL->Good laptop. Does everything it's suppose to. However the battery life is absolutely  horrible.I have to charge the laptop like twice a day. I like this laptop but just wished the battery would last longer. It also runs Windows XP, which is not a big deal for me.
R2DYKCRFRF6W3D->This is an excellent laptop, especially for the cost of it.  I highly recommend the seller and the laptop.
RZJP43V2LVWQS->Bought and must say kind of disappointed.  Havent been that long and second time logging on, my laptop slow in response and takes forever to log on
R20UW3UJB1BNBJ->I appreciated that it came clean and in great condition
R256C2R6U8RNT0->I received the computer last week. So far I love it, I am not computer smart. But for the price it does what I need it to do. I don't need all that tech stuff.  Learning Window XP again, when I was working our computers had windows 8.1. installed on them.
R3IVUGDMBLCUNE->The price was great, but like they say you get what you pay! So you can imagine what i got not a fast computer, might be good for not important task.
R3H3Y7F7QNWKY9->It came when it was supposed to and works perfectly.
R3U5AATDAKQ1G6->It is awesome.
RF97E3XP47QWP->Im writing this review on my laptop. I love it unless a camera is a half to have I recommend it.
R5KA8UA76APRK->garbage, weak batteries and slow performace. save your money.
R1ZJ7RMHI2PIAK->Works great for the cost. Got mine very quick. So satisfied that I ordered another for the family.
RQMZYSRVWC78X->The computer is so slow, and it wont hold a charge at all I can't even unplug it and move from one end of the room to the other without it dieing
R16L5KSDXQAN75->like it
R2UVI1CHCA8PAH->it is alright
R1D9Z9SJ3N4R96->Love my laptop!!  I received it in estimated time frame.  It's in new condition and it works great!  I will be ordering a second one very soon.  Also, I will surprise my close friend with one as well, because the prices are so reasonable. I am so glad I chose this seller.  Try this seller, you are guranteed to love your purchase.
R24SL9F6YT6CDX->Great price for a great computer!  The refurb was just like new...including all the programs I needed.
R8UKJ36YQ9ISA->Don't bye worst laptop  can't install any things dies in seconds over price
R285ALAIF2VK7X->Won't hook up to wireless internet I have wifi in my home and it won't catch have to hook up to phone line money spent for nothing
ROOXSIJM3Y1UW->Just right is all the good I expected....
R218NGNJ509XOQ->Nice laptop, it does everything I need it to do
R2TMOH3FHM3HWC->Excellent
R16WC1V9UC96YH->a great little computer
RCP8T6EJLHMXZ->Like new. What else can I say.
R2MQWMSBPW7GR3->It works awesome. Happy with laptop and the seller.
R18HH0OX2C68ZR->Excellent computer for what I need
R2ZC4O6UD6CAKN->Right shift and enter buttons don't work but I'm satisfied for it being a refurbished unit and I got it on time
R32QP0PN6O17VD->Keep telling me to update software. But other than that.. A OK
R21WUHNSV7PF22->works very well
RS41OAHKXVMEU->I've gotten to be a fan of these laptops, which I've bought from several vendors.  One was fine for months, then began reporting itself as &#34;Not Genuine Windows.&#34;  The others are fine.  I converted the ungenuine one to Ubuntu, and it works fine again.  Apart from the OS issue, they are excellent choices, with relatively modern processors.  Upgrade them with a solid-state disk drive and you have a very good laptop.  Unlike many newer laptops, they have both a serial port and an external VGA display output, both of which are useful.  I suggest you inspect them for a certificate of authenticity for whatever  OS they have installed and run Windows Update on it right away to make sure it'll be OK.  The &#34;Genuine&#34; one has now upgraded to Windows 10, and it made it fine.
R16CLP8YYUF97B->Very good
R27XCTL4O42HF3->I really wanted this to work but the screen is dead. High marks for Amazon return process.
R29CJQ7D0S9TAY->Excellent  laptop. Meets all my needs.
R2PYJFIM93WL2J->Looks good,all installed works great.
R2SA853A7R4VG4->A great pruchase. Like new.  Well packaged.  Well satisfied.
R2JWDUAA2TW2F8->I got this from link tronics and it was better than discribed. It had a 2.2 core 2 dual and 1440x900 resolution. Came with a 80gig hd but I swapped that out for a 500gig ssd and it makes a nice little machine
R1YF8RSXIY4NA2->It works well for a XP system, lots of ports, some not useful anymore, 4 usb. Get operating system will not support this program messages.
R3REXCTH6FI4SB->I purchased this for my grandson, he is handicapped and I didn't want to spend a lot of money at first, but this went beyond my expectations, he loves it so much and I still cant believe how much I paid for it,  once again I am amazed at how good everything is I order.  thank you so much
R3CLPQHR3CDZ7V->Works great.
R35HMQGJQPUI4V->Awesome so happy with my purchase!!!
R10BTRGYGUHA7K->I need more programs for it.
R32BMYD3JRWWVX->Prefect for what I needed it for
R18YQHSJS0XY07->Six months after purchase the monitor will not power on... It did not have MS Office as described.The charger it came with gets hot after 5 minutes. Battery does not maintain a charge (even after I bought a replacement charger).It does not play DVDs.
ROMW9UJNA7DFT->We did have to purchase another charger but the laptop is perfect
R2J8YPW973Z3DT->This machine was perfect for my needs and work exactly as advertised. Used it to set up my wireless camera system and it worked great thank you.
RUO8I8XRX71EJ->I'm not happy with the purchase I got, I had to reinstall Windows on it as I wanted windows xp and not ubunto Honestly I felt like I was done a disservice and i would appreciate any purchases I make in the future that I'm able to talk to the resaler in the future.
RKTXKKJ9FXGRW->piece of junk to slow
R2YP6WLBGUERD8->I a very happy with my computer.  It is a little slow, but it is only 2G.  I am able to do everything I need on the internet.  Love it.
R3CWO2FBJZHZI8->My older laptop was dying and I was looking to get a new one. Intel's next generation CPU Skylake is just around the corner as well as DDR4 memory. With technology, there is always something better around the corner, but these 2 are a major advancement. So I decided to get an inexpensive older computer to use for the time being. I use it for internet, Quickbooks (my financials), and other light use. So it fits my current needs perfectly. I will probably sell it in the future for a few bucks for someone who just needs a computer for light use. The computer is fast enough for my current needs. If you intend on playing video games or do heavy processing (photoshop), this is probably not the laptop for you (it is not meant to do that). I would have given it 5 stars if it had a built in camera, which unfortunately it doesn't.
R2A76YZTG1U8IW->My daughter saved up for it and she loves it.
RX1TLD4W9E4CP->This was a very good purchase. Thank you.
R1JJ3BD1EUF2RR->it's a good laptop. works well. I get lots of pop up ads when I am online. please send me a virus and ad protection.
RGYFXEEZHR5SO->Super happy made a great gift for 11 year old who needed it for school, I got a great price.
R2IN005XX43P4M->Needed an inexpensive lap top to keep with our race car.  This unit fits the bill and works perfectly.
R5LYZTE493610->I bought one of these and it works great, but my brother bought one from a different company and they got the wrong charger for his laptop.
R2Q4NHMS3UJOU5->Very good product
R306DQ2MPQSZNC->The laptop was in great condition and has given me no issues itself. The charger on the other hand quite working within the first 4 days of using it. I narrowed it down to one of the two cords that was sent to me. It seems that a replacement is proving to be quite a task to track down.
R35A5CTX00Q91D->works perfectly and is exactly what i wanted. For an older computer it works great. Excellent for the price.
R23L782E9E9L5I->Great value
R16IT0VK6B2TLX->It was on time, not updated but get some things I need done.
R3IFXXWOEVHV16->Black screen within 30 days
R1DKHM0VOJFSV1->Excelent relation quality price.
R37ERLP8Z1GMJL->Great company.... even replaced the charger when it blew out...
R3EYJXI8CYRG7K->I would order from them again!The package arrived as promised and the items were as described.  I was able to boot the system with no problems and the OS and applications worked just fine.
R1SGQ5W9EURUQW->It does what I need it to do. It has a working disc drive. I wish it had Microsoft Word but hey, whatever, it has Openoffice. I'll get used to it. I don't need the newest, zippiest model. This computer does just fine for internet shopping, research, making worksheets, etc.
REH7NKSA6OBHT->Its in great shape and works great as well. Its a no brainer if your looking for a good laptop cheap.
RMJH4F4J8RZF0->good computer kinda slow though
R3DDK9JFPE63YP->Works ok.  Paid for &#34;refurbished&#34;, got keyboard with worn off letters, cracked and chipped case and overall grime on case and screen.  Guess the downloaded porn that came with it was a freebie.
R218AKEEUKY9OW->gracias...
R2QM3P1JHJ94XX->Beautiful notebook PC. I use it mainly to stream movies and browse the net and so far, it still runs smoothly. No heavy processes will touch this notebook, as I shall preserve and extend this little guy's life span.
RF2CI301ZIKWT->I only had this laptop for 2wks and it stopped working I want a refund thank you
RRHTAL9O4TYSG->gook,but the charger stop working one day after
R2KZDM9RXMCU2H->It works okay
R3N4PMSL91FQ1V->It works good
R208UGOETIQP5Z->exito
R13VWLSKPID41Z->my new laptop is working perfectly fine. no problems with it. im a satisfied customer.
R1VLEWQZ4NXBYQ->Looks a little dinged up but it works.
R3E8JRCDVCV3SP->Real value for money
R69DTWMW8K9IN->Great, little computer!  Takes care of our needs perfectly.
R16DO5IIQ2WI8Y->Love the product how fast the shipping was great the selection was fantastic hundreds to choose from
R3W417IQ6TOUBA->Dirty and damaged
R1Q0JWVWZ8G8PF->Network card died prior to 30 days of ownership. I hope replacement will fair better.
R1WTGMT5JS6VEL->Very pleased!
R33IHZJNDNJTRK->Great machine, easily able to be upgraded to Windows 7.  The gentlemen at JSW were extremely helpful.  When I received this product, the DVD player/burner was not working (it happens when you are shipping sensitive electronic equipment).  But one email later, and after a small review of what the issue was...they replaced the DVD player/burner with no further delay or questions.  The DVD player/burner for this model is easily removable with the touch of a button, it pulls right out and the new one they sent me plugged right in and worked perfectly.
R2K241OGY4QK4W->Microsoft said operating system was not genuine and a lot of there stuff, updates etc, will not work. Plus battery was stone dead. Had to go back to my older pc. Needed to register it but have no number.
R3Q2N3327KIPRL->Received the package on time with no problems works great
RVTYUA8MS3G1V->Came quickly. It does have a bad spot on the screen like it had a magnet close to.
R1GL4QTL0OCUHM->Perfect working.
A22D6R9RINZGKC->The Dell D630's were made in 2007 and 2008 and are a nice sturdy and rugged laptop--not like some of the all plastic ones. So it weights a bit more and the technology is 5-6 years old. It's also had 5-6 years of prior use. I need a sturdy laptop for some stuff I do so I gave this a shot. I also needed it right away.I bought this from Red Tag on Amazon and he sent me a good laptop and I've had only a couple small problems. Like the Windows Office included was only a Trial version--not what I wanted. I paid extra for that a 2 extra MB of RAM--the RAM is fine. I left 5 stars because it's a nice clean unit and works well. Pre-sale communication was good, but post sale was erratic. Red Tag has 100% positive feedback.The big thing you have to consider when buying a refurb is price vs value to you. Sure the refurbs are cheaper, but not that much cheaper when you consider that for an extra hundred +/- you can get a brand new laptop, never before used with a 1 year warranty. After looking I see many of the refurbs are way overpriced and I should have bought a new one with new technology.That hundred bucks I may have saved may come back to bite me. Any problems and one little repair will be over $100 so you may want to shop around before you buy a refurb. There are better refurb prices too out there--I discovered later. Next time I'll buy a new laptop, just for the newer technology, warranty, and no prior use. Some of these refurbs and used are way too expensive. Look around the internet first. Prices have really dropped on new laptops too and these refurbs should drop too.I've used mine everyday for nearly 3 months and so far it's fine. For now.
A1WNQRXKQZ0EBA->This computer is everything that I hoped for and works perfectly.  Was extremely pleased that it came with a full MS Office suite installed.Pro:  Everything works, price was rightCon:  A little slow, desktop items a bit small, outside has a few minor scratches, not very clean.I ordered this after returning a new Aesus laptop with Windows 8 which  I don't care for.  Saved about $180, too..Follow up:  I bought this computer for my wife for Christmas, two years ago.  Everything worked as described above until a week ago - when it would no longer access the internet. It appeared the wireless modem had failed.  I figured that was the end of that computer but I just happened to have an old wireless addapter PCMIA card that I hadn't used for years, plugged it in and it worked like new. (If you have to buy one, they cost about twelve bucks.)
AP1PR6HKAL65P->Very Satisfied. I want a good product and did not want to spend alot of money, this laptop works great.
A3CAK2T2KB9EJJ->Very well wrapped and well kept thank you for this computer :) I just got it and very please with it. 5 stars indeed!!!
A12YL0DDEWKUVP->It fits all my needs perfectly, it's very fast for being refurbished, and it has a nice battery life. I just wish it came with Microsoft Office!
A34AX8BI4WVU94->THIS IS REALLY A CRAP. LADY WHO TOLD ME IT HAS WEB CAM, IT DOES NOT. DOES NOT HAVE ITEMS SHE SAID IT IS NOT THERE. BLUE BUTTON DOES NOT WORK. WHY DELL SELL THIS ITEMS TO A GENUINE BUYER. NO WONDER DELL IS GOING DOWN. BAD SERVICE.
A1B07WYNHRGZ5H->I like this computer.  The keyboard has a nice feel.  It's attractive and easy to use.  I would recommend this product.
A28E1GIOVKSQD1->The product is not bad, just slower than we wanted to be so we needed to uninstall a few program that we were not going to use and it worked better, ran a lot faster and became tolerable. The bummer with this purchase was having to pay shipping to receive it and if we want to retrun we have to pay for that too! Therefore, we resolved the issues ourselves to create a better working product for our needs. All in all, it was a okay purchase.
AKU18EGFF6G02->I bought this laptop directly from dell Financial Services auction on ebay. I did not even know that they have it here on Amazon Marketplace too. Even though the description said manufacturer refurbished the laptop I received looked like new. It came with power adapter and a Dell Windows XP Reinstallation CD and built in Intel PROSet Wireless Card. Absolutely no bloatware is included.Now this may not be a top of the line machine but it is pretty adequate for home and school or even Small Home Office use. The neat part is that once you boot up the machine for the first time it would automatically install Windows XP after going through some preliminary steps. It even gives you option to enter setup and configure things but you are better off leaving the machine alone to do its thing and install windows XP or whichever operating system it is bundled with unless you're techie. Once windows finishes installation you can pretty much install anything you want. I have so far installed Open Office, MS Office 2003, Firefox, Chrome, Avast Anti Virus, Trusteer Rapport security Software and many other productivity softwares and the machine boots up and runs smoothly.It does not come with webcam so I installed Logitech Quickcam Pro 9000 and Microsoft Lifecam Cinema and either camera runs smoothly even on HD modes. I use Lifecam Cinema more often because it's stand is perfect fit for D630 bezel as opposed to the Quickcam Pro 9000's stand which tend to wobble.I will advise you buy this laptop directly from Dell either here on Amazon Marketplace or on ebay where it is listed under Dell_Financial_Services. You will likely receive a laptop that will be like new but more importantly you will get 30 days warranty.This laptop is of right price, size and specs: 14" bright LCD, 2GB Ram, 80GB harddisk space and 2GHZ Intel Dual Core processor that is more than adequate for most home, school and or Small Home Office use. It is sturdy and sleek looking too.There is one thing that Dell scrimped on here: the tiny single speaker that is barely audible! I use an external Frisby USB laptop Speakers. I also use headphone when I am on the road. It is worthy to note that this tiny speaker belies a powerful sound card that only becomes apparent when you put on a headphone.NB: Don't forget to switch on the wireless radio or you will not be able to use the wifi connection. The switch is on same side and next to the headphone jack. It is switched off by default. Once you switch it on it will detect a bunch of wifi hot spots including yours, if any. Select your SSID from the displayed options and enter your router's WEP Key and you will be good to go. I have at&t; 2WIRE Wireless Gateway and the WEP Key is the ten digit number directly below the serial number located on the side or bottom of the router depending on whether it is standing vertically or lying on it's side. The built in wireless card is powerful. I highly recommend this laptop to anyone who may be on budget but not willing to compromise on quality and performance.
AM8M8T0QETE2B->I am so pleased with my purchase, this laptop is so much nicer than my old laptop. It starts up pretty quick, has not had any trouble running anything, and is a nice looking computer!
A25QOICDSTU0B7->This was the worst mistake I could have made!!! The battery life is worthless!  And  the laptop itself need so many updates to its ridiculous! Please do not waist your money like I did!:(
A3AOHM4XWLLPF1->Won't connect to the internet and once my music program was loaded in- the only reason I bought it- the thing crashes and/or moves at a snails pace. Very disappointed...
AQJTDJ3UG98ER->Its exactly what i was hoping for and more.Its not to small of a laptop and not to big, just right :)I'm recommending this laptop to everyone i know!!
A2R915OP44BF2Y->I bought this for my brother who hasn't yet figured out the dangers of downloading the internet and how that affects your RAM :P The machine work very well, the speed is great, battery life is great, and even if he breaks it - it shouldn't be hard to fix.
A7OOFAQ7DI0UB->Bought this for my granddaughter it's her first laptop and works great for her needs.  Much more reasonably priced too.
A17GW4OINML6NJ->I purchased this refurbished about 6 months ago and have been more than pleased with it.  Having been a Mac user since the beginning, I did a lot of research before I decided to buy a PC, let alone a used one.  I was not expecting another Mac, but I wanted a good, daily functional workhorse to have as a backup since my Mac is on its last legs.  It does the basics very well, so I have no complaints about that.  It's also nice to have 4 USB ports instead of 2, and to have a few Windows programs that have proven useful.My only complaint is that the battery is dead within 6 months.  Replacements are not too expensive, so I can live with that.
A1DGLWQBBJ4IHQ->The first one they sent us didn't work, second one has a cooling fan problem that is rather noisy, otherwise, its okay.
A19CSQSHOFT5JS->I was very happy with the price and the way this laptop worked, but from day one the battery never worked and then less than three weeks after I bought it it got a split screen that never went away. I am working on a replacement unit from the seller which I hope is better. We'll see.
A8BG68O9RSXTT->The person should have put the information in about the curse. Other than that it is okay the speed is good and virus protection is up to date.
A1KN7EM495VXHM->Sometimes buy used  because it's cheaper is not always best spending those couple of more dollars in some cases does make a difference lesson well learned.Thank you anyway
A2LKOZ0SSW4NH9->Indeed I had second thoughts when I bought this used and refurbished computer but to my surprise, it works well other than the battery which was already overused.  The refurbising company did a good job.
AS5WFIK62VWJY->I bought this for one specific reason and it worked well.  One of the UBS ports didn't work be otherwise it was fine.
A18RTHQMRYM5OP->Received the the Dell 630 in a couple of days from Tampa Laptops.Paid a little more because of their great ratings and I can say it was well worth it.I actually thought it was a new one,works like new, looks like new,smells like new.Happy,happy,happy.  Thanks Bob
A2G807I48WLSGT->A year and a half later this refurbished laptop is working like new. I have had no problems with it. It has been a work horse for me and I would recommend it to anyone.
A2C5BOQLENYULN->Apparently a troublesome model for Dell, the one I had(and returned), had graphics card issues, crashing issues, boot-loop issues and battery usages issues. I still am going to give Dell another chance, but not another 630.
A2H8DU05NHH1QK->Great customer service! Fast shipping. Came with windows XP. I'll have to upgrade to windows 7cause support will run out on April 8th. Other than that its fantastic!!!!
AF49813S7V85U->Buy this lap top, good quality and the price is right, also accessories are not expensive - our kids use them for homwork
AJ456TG9NT7AW->It came in great condition with a great price. It is perfect for school and watching movies! I am definitely pleased with this computer and the company I chose it from so far.
A1PFWK0D7BV0NM->Producto excelente en buen estado. La compra - venta - entrega estuvo bien.Gracias a todas las personas involucradas para poder tener el producto comprado en mis manos.Saludos...Niz Quintero
A3L43BQ3W9UN53->We bought the Dell Latitude D630 for school work for our youngest. The price was very reasonable and the laptop was in great condition. Unfortunately, the laptop had problems connecting to our wifi, which apparently was the result of a bad wireless card. Contacted  Jeremy's Laptops, and he made good on his sale. He sent a replacement right a way and the replacement works just fine. Good product and speedy customer service. Definitely deserves the five stars.
A301DKC0376XLK->I expected some scratches but no outside and inside perfect.  I knew it would be an older model but that was what I expected cause I have had the exact same model before.  Very Happy and would purchase from this seller again.
A1JKXT45Y6RP1L->The laptop was exactly as described in the listing.  Delivery was a little slow but that was due to the weather.  My granddaughter loves it.
A29HKIZ6HUDKH5->This is a great price for a laptop which I am currently using to write this review.  The refurbished condition was great and I am very satisfied.
AE7YHG4LEEZ4U->The computer is fine, but I am REALLY unhappy about the battery.  Battery life is about half an hour which is ridiculous.
AQ12C0WMK1LIF->It came in earlier than expected. A few minor scratches, but i haven't had any technical problems. I am extremely satisfied with the product. Thank you!
A177VTKW2QNNX6->Small enough to be convenient,large enough to most anything a laptop would do.Would have gave it 5 stars if it had battery charge of more than just 2 hrs........................
A1BOAUQI26HKZI->The battery life is very very poor and doesn't work without the charger. It is a piece of crap I hate it!
A173KAD315K5HQ->When typing, the letters start in the correct place but then jump to another part of the email.  It could be somewhere in the body of the email or in the area containing the name of the person you are sending to.  You must type slow and watch where the letters are appearing in the email.
A1USHL5CZS8X9D->my brother had this laptop for 3 years! It's still in good condition and he still uses for school, cool right?
A1FL60X3U7DENA->I bought this &#34;refurbished,&#34; which is to say, with Windows XP already up and running. Not quite sure that's a true refurb, but who cares. I never completely trust inherited computers, so I booted the included re-installation disc, reformatted the drive, and hours and hours later of installing the drivers specific to this hardware, I had me one sweet ride! (Note: never buy an XP with less than 2GB of mem, and always demand an installation disc. I used DriverUpdate to download most of the drivers, but still needed to manually track down drivers for the VGA card and the TouchPad/Stick.)
A33UERM8P5JZS4->I only use this to play games on as I don't have a printer for this laptop--been a good buy and I am happy with purchasing this from Amazon--when I am ready to purchase a new desktop computer will consider checking on a new one through Amazon
AC4AGT0S5QA1T->Needed a piece of equipment without spending an arm and a leg. Found it, bought it, had a problem, Link-Tronics took care of it very fast and the laptop I have is great. Its a pleasure to work with folks like that.
A1D882GC6T19IP->I had to return the laptop twice, as I am writing this the seller has it in his possesion in an attempt to fix it. My last e mail to him was as follows: This computer cannot be fixed I want it replaced
AP1S8KNTAG1V2->Ok first off this is a great laptop. I bought from the seller all about pc parts and cannot say enough good things about this guy. It really does matter what seller you buy from on amazon and this guy is amazing :) He shipped my pc very quickly, it came with 2.4 ghz instead of 2.0 and a better battery. He listens to his customers and cares and upgraded my ram from 2 mb to 3 mb for only $10 extra. Plus he gave me a 9 cell battery which has a long battery life :)LOL.....I felt like I needed to spread the good word about how good the seller All About PC Parts is on here. I recommend anyone to buy from this seller because they over deliver and care about their customers. My laptop looks brand new nearly!So now to the laptop. For the price of around $150 total this cannot be beat. Its fast, works great and looks great. Great deal here guys :)
A35YOSWGI8NBZ2->Product was nice looking and functional when it arrived; however, 2 weeks after purchase I had to take it to repair shop as the keyboard stopped working and computer was infected with numerous corrupted files/viruses.  Cost me an additional $100 for repairs.
A3BTNXS43GTZDS->It took me a while to decide on which laptop I wanted to purchase. I had a long list of must haves and a small budget. As this was my first venture into the laptop realm, I wanted to do my home work.The Dell Latitude D630 fit almost everything on my list. I was concerned however about getting a pre owned laptop. But I made the plunge and came out very satisfied. It is fast, clean, smooth and most of all, priced right. With shipping I paid a little over 200.00 bucks.If you are looking for a laptop as a home use or for business this is an outstanding choice. I may purchase another one for my wife at this price.
A2K706U3SL8RHN->Was expressed to be a working pc laptop.  Have not been able to use.  Turned the laptop on to install needed applications. Went to restart and the laptop does nothing except leave a black screen.  NOTHING. No screen went all black on restart and stayed that way.
A3S8YL92I3YOZB->We purchased this laptop and it was dead within 5 weeks...unfixable...1 week after the return date.  I will never buy another computer from Amazon.  Do NOT waste your money!
A27EAJFYA102TW->This is a very nice laptop computer, completely suitable and adequate to my needs.  It allows me to plug in a microphone so that I can use my Dragon software, and when you plug headphones into it, the sound is fantastic.  It has multiple USB ports, which I find very convenient.  Unless you are a gamer or need to stream movies, this is the computer for you.  It is an excellent value for the price.  The seller also provides complete and competent customer service.  I am very happy with this laptop computer.
AF5I2R01EIJVB->This laptop looks brand new and I bought it used! It works fabulously as well! When I first got it I really had to charge it because it wouldn't turn on without the charger plugged in, but that's it other than the fact that when I was tracking it, it got shipped to the wrong shipping facility so it was a day late... I was not happy about that, but at least it wasn't delayed more so or I would have been upset, but other than that it's a GREAT product in GREAT condition!
AYM2IDLVED4IH->Would not buy this item not worth the money. I bought it and it would not keep a charge. So I would not buy it.
A1YOT88N2M3AXW->I feel that I was ripped off due to the fact that there wasn't any software loaded on the computer. I had to pay an additional $200 to have software added. The laptop was a shell upon receipt. It was advertised that it has software. I am very unhappy with the service I received. Numerous phone calls and emails went unanswered.
A3639VY3DEI61A->I had a hard time, making it connect to WiFi. After that it worked OK. for my needs. good bye
A2OIZW7CJBI0HJ->They bailed me out. My old latitude crashed and burned and I needed something in a hurry. It was so much better than expected. Arrived within 2 days, well-packaged and looked better than my original. It's been up and running without any glitches since April. Fantastic price, excellent service, a genuine 5-star experience-yea!!
A2VNAPERIVRT2S->We received this computer quickly. The two day shipping with Amazon Prime is great. The computer was packaged well. It is a little scratched on the outside, but it's used, so to be expected. The screen is in great shape. The laptop works well, and is quite snappy for an older laptop. Overall it is as advertised, and a great deal. I would buy from this seller again!
A1DZ4EQBQS3X4S->Poor quality.  Screen gave out within a couple days, rendering the computer unusable.  To their credit, Amazon gave a refund immediately (less return shipping).  Would NOT recommend buying a refurbished computer.  Not much cheaper than a new one.
A29B0HLOWHR8Q7->OH MY GOD  I CAN RUN MINECRAFT SO WELL... AND WARTHUNDER THE THING STARTED SMOKING THEN I GRABBED MY DOG AND STARTED BEATING THE NOTEBOOK WITH IT AND THEN IT STOPPED. THEN I GRABBED IT AND BEAT MY WIFE WITH IT  MY GOD THIS THING IS ALSO VERY STRONG. I RAN ACROSS THE STREET AND 360 NOSCOPED A CROSSING GUARD IT MAKES THE PERFECT WEAPON THE MILITARY SHOULD USE THIS.. MY GOD YOU GUYS GOTTA BUY THIS..
A3OUTNDFCO4PM2->I am a computer repair and sales specialist and this is my go to computer for 95% of my clients. It is very affordable and powerful enough for the majority of users. easily upgraded to as much ram as you could ever really need in a personal computer. It is also a great business computer compatible with ant 21st century Windows operating system. Including Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, and Windows 8. Considering the age of the computer the Dell Latitude D630 has stood out as one of the best computers I have ever worked with. Definitely buy this computer!
A10884JH6Q2Y6O->Works great and even supports windows 7 ultimate smoothly.No or little scratches, new keypad.I've bought my 3rd and people like it cos the screen quality is good.No webcam otherwise.
A2NSX5Q7O72728->I have always owned a Dell computer but I have only owned two computer is 15 years!  That tell you that Dell is awesome.  My second computer was and still is the d630.  You can upgrade it to 64 bit and put a lot of ram in it.  Its 2012 and it still runs like new.  I have friends with other brand computers and they are always having issues it seems like.  Awesome product!!!!
A1CROHIJ6AHG4I->This computer is a great basic laptop.  I am using it for work and I purchased this refurbished at a wonderful price (under $175.00).  We have had Dell in the past and it seems to be the way to go for buying from a dependable seller who sells good quality refurbished items with positive feedback.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants an older but decent quality computer to accomplish basic needs for personal use or work.
A2YS52V7SJKSQ2->This was my first time ever purchasing a 'Refurbished&#34;  laptop online,  and while I did experience some issues with connection,  the people at LanTek were very supportive and helpful.  I would like to say Thank You to ERIC,  Lisa, and Lisa in reception for all the hard work and effort they put in to make it right.  I love my Replacement and would recommend working with them to anyone looking for a great deal on a used/refurbished laptop.Most Sincerely!Elizabeth Craig
A10JGDQZBMW318->excellent, the best laptop I purchased used, buy two, one with a flawless physical condition, the other if to detail, but with a faulty dvd rom drive them I overcome and I can say they were very friendly and fully responsible the product both behave as new machines are corel 2 duo, perfect for domestic and office use
AI0CE21OGVGVC->I got what I expected for a refurbished Dell 630; it was slow as sin and took about four hours of cleaning, installing speed up software and removing unwanted programs.What I am not pleased about is every time I log on, I get a notice that the version of Windows installed is not genuine...what's up with that??  It is working, but if this is pirated software, that is pretty lame on the vendors part.
A2BLB1NUQHWKOF->Great laptop if you need a secondary Linux box to pwn stuff with. Dell in my experience has always had great Linux support.
A382S54V46TKC3->Great laptop, The dealer loaded it perfectly for my small business and is easy to work with  You wont be disappointed
AUR2IT8BALZA5->I'm very disappointed with the product, i was expecting a refurbished notebook surprisingly i received an old looking piece of trash.  I only have it for less than 6 weeks and i'm having problem with the hard drive, can't access anything.
A289X88L8G6XO4->I recived in the regular mail , the packing was torn up , i took it out and plugged in the ac-adapter ? ok I gesss , started just fine until I went online , someone robbed the drivers for the sound & the graphics ,someone added a few viruses & tryed to crash the operating system ,I can replace that but no drivers cd well shure ??? Thats what you'll get when you buy used !
A13RSNI1B34DPS->How can you ask me to rate this product when i never received it????? So i will rate it as low as it goes. I really can not blame amazon for this it's PC 4 Zone that i blame. But this is the first time I have ever used amazon and I do not know that I will be purchasing anything in the future. They took my money right away and are making me wait almost a month for me to get a refund. There just something not right about this. This makes me very upset.
A157UNRTYV04F8->Dell Latitude D630 14.1-Inch Notebook PC (Refurbished) was working as expected and arrived in a timely manner as expected.  Product in working condition as expected, no glitches.
A3P38IF29CZZXH->i bought this computer for my spouse. For some reason her macbook pro was the worst investment she made and within a few day we get this bad boy and its fast , pratical  , up to date and no drama.
A2TX0CKFKRMI0W->The battery on this 100% working laptop was completely shot through and the battery charger does not work. Not only this but once I managed to get a charger to turn it on it has multiple system errors and runs incredible slowly, sometimes shutting down 2-3 times in an hour. I would swap it for my money back in a heartbeat. Would not recommend this seller.
AL8A3R5A6E1AE->Received as described. Shipped it immediately.  The boxx was a bit torn by shipper but no damage to computer. .........
A136SWTX2UM52Y->Purchased this laptop from Tampa Laptops and was not disappointed.  It runs as well if not better than my personal computer.  Movies look great.  Definitely got a great deal for the price paid.
A2KJ66QULVL4SR->I placed my order on February 8th and paid money for express shipping. It was supposed to be delivered between february 12th and 20th. I still did not get my laptop. I am an international student and i had 6 exams last week. I hope my laptop will be in great condition and i can get it in this year, if anything like one of the usb ports will not work in my laptop be sure that i will send it back.Plus, i paid money for express shipping and february 20th was the last day for delivery, if i see that you charged me for shipping, i will also send my laptop back.
A3JFTJ0VPXNT6H->We needed a laptop with Windows XP and serial port to work on some equipment whose programs would only run on windows xp and needed serial port connection. This did exactly that. Quick delivery
ARXSO12HBMHNP->If you buy one of these refurbished computers be sure to buy the warranty. The one I purchased only lasted 46 days which is 16 days past the 30 day return period. It quit working and it needs new screen ($600.00) and new battery. I didn't notice that you could buy a warranty when I bought it so I just wasted $300.00. Be sure you buy the warranty!
A1964LUOBF63DV->Really nice laptop and packaged really well (had fun for the next week with all the bubble wrap) qudos to the seller. It is really great at keeping up with me when I have 6 internet tabs and LibreOffice open with music in the backround without freezing.Truthfully, I don't much care for the fact that it doesn't have external speakers (though that just gives me an excuse to use my panda speakers), and, becasue I'm waiting for my disc to come for Microsoft, is the word document it comes with, LibreOffice, becasue it doesn't like to read Microsoft Office documents and I have to email the document to myself to open it on MO on another computer, can't use a flashdrive.Long story short, great laptop, use with headphones/speakers for music, and get Microsoft Office when you get the computer.
AEEPSTKI18D13->Buyer Beware.Hard drive squealed in first hour, power supply died in first week.I do not recommended getting this product
A2YH3Z8STVP6CF->This product arrived, as advertised. It doesn't have any of the bloatware a new laptop took us ~2 hours to remove, and moves pretty quickly for what it is. It is upgradeable, and had no scratches or damage when it arrived. It was in EXCELLENT condition, and arrived promptly! THANK YOU! :)
A3LJ50R8UQ2CGP->ok now im going to try to get this lap top around christmas and id like some info or somthing about this lap top and tell me if you hate it or love it and i was planing to get a referbished ine so pls tell me you info so pls comeny
A4ALUMTUM6IRV->This is the worst purchase ive ever made since I begun buying from you. The item  came as an old, old junk, scratches, gum stuck n some spills. I ordered it for a friend but because it's state I had to keep it and there was no time to be going to the post office for return because I don't know how long it gonna take
A2VAWNWZITCYCI->Bought in May 2011 but stopped working in May 2012. Worst experience ever!Don't buy and save your money and time.
A1USZE9RL1XHTR->This computer is everything I wanted, including the price. I loved the letter that came with it. It said that their goal was 100% appreciation on my part. They definitely got it.
A15J1YA236HJ7I->not as fast as it could be had to do alot of work on it still will not run a long time before it stops
A279F9O1EI1UB5->I have sent several requests to find out where my computer is.  They said it shipped on Dec. 19, it's now Jan. 14.  I live in the continental US.  Even if I lived in Korea, I'd have it by now.  they clearly took my money and did not give me the product I purchased.  I will begin litigation soon.
A2FZ8VKBH4JST6->Really would be helpfull if you would enclosed a owners manual at my age of 77  I need to referance often due to memory loss at times. Thank's Janet Rankin
A3I0HSCTRN2PS1->I would have liked to have had anything on operation but the price was good so I guess I shouldn't complain.
A2WSHL73RXGF6N->They sent it pretty fast but the dvd burner was not on it like they said. They called to see if I recieved it, and I told them about the burner and they promptly sent me a new one. Great job!
A3MTLFJKOR39ME->So far this has been a great buy.  No complaints.  Battery doesn't last very long, but that is to be expected.
A2PCNEOD46XWCA->i am using it right now to write this, was worried about a refurbished computer but i was wrong, came as advertised and works awesome, i will buy from seller again when i need another one
A48I95H8KO4OH->I bought this laptop to replace the one that my kids broke. I bought this quite a few months back and its still working great. I am writing this review with this laptop.
A2ONM7UNLIR6SK->I have done some shopping around for about six months for the best deal on a good laptop, comparing prices, features, and what people had to say not just about the product itself, but the spicific companys that sell the product, i look at new and refurbished/used, in todays economy and not much extra funds left i decided to go with this refurbished Dell Latitude D630, it was shiped promtly an had it at my door in a few days, a week later i ordered extra memory to update that and i am so very happy with my purchase from Amazon,...i would recomend this product to anyone.
A2JFW8EDKX5BOA->The headlines pretty much said how I felt about it. You know that you have something which you value when you are thinking about getting a similar one as a spare-not because you feel the one in your hands it unreliable-because you know that accidents do happen, and you would hate to be without something this efficient for an extended period of time. I purchased one two years ago at what I considered to be a good price, and I just got another one because to me the price was sooo right. They are both performing superbly.One word of caution though: In buying computers-new or old, but especially old, yopu want to try and make sure that you know exactly what you are getting for your money. I wish that amazon would require of their vendors that they post more complete descriptions when it comes to something like a computer, which carries a big price tag and does include many details and components/parts. However, since they don't, make it a point to contact the potential vendor by email with some direct questions before making a purchase. Just because the general product description says one thing does not guarantee that it applies to the one you are buying. Case in point: my second laptop came with a 60GB harddrive, even though in the general description for the Dell 630 laptop, it says an 80GB harddrive. This is still fine by me, because 60 GB from my point of view and my needs, is still substantial, and the device does include all of the features which prompted me to make the purchase in the first place. What I am saying is this: it is usually better to know exactly what you are getting into beforehand.
A38960BEQ59ARJ->In a very good condition.  One screw missing on the HDD case. Other than that, the overall condition of the notebook is very good.
A1WIK7J2AZJZDU->I bought this for my son for Christmas.  Only downfall is its is was XP I guess I missed that when I was reading threw the details.  Either way it is a good laptop  nonetheless . Like I said I bought for my 15 year old son.
A390T8KQ85N87Z->Good Screen - Size and quality. The processor is quick enough for my needs - this laptop is highly recommended.
AXSSWCA0C5KF1->I sent this to my son in San Francisco. I'm waiting for his opinion. He will be the judge. Just hope it lasts.
A3OFS8530T26FO->In great shape and performed better than expected.  Well worth the money!  Very good computer that performes all tasks flawlessly.
AZ7FSLWL1F6E4->I bought this laptop for my mom who knows nothing about computers,and she is able to navigate her way with no problems
AYB4ELCS5AM8P->I bought my first refurbished laptop about 5-6 years ago because it was inexpensive and I typically use it on trips so if it gets stolen I wouldn't lose a new laptop. But I had a very good experience with it so I've continued to buy refurbished ones for other members of my family when I see good ones at a good price.And this Dell D630 is the case. The condition of my D630 is very good. The keyboard looks new and there's no dust on it. There are some scratches on the bottom of the case but I can live with that. Every refurbished computer will be different though so you mileage will vary. It really depends on how the last corporate users used it. If it's a low usage computer, then you've got a good deal.Function: It's got a Core2Duo processor, which is newer than the Pentiums but older than the new iCores. It still has 2 CPU's in it. I upgraded mine to 4GB RAM (one of the cheapest and best way to upgrade your laptop) and the OS to Windows7 64-bit. RAM is so cheap nowadays I automatically upgrade all of my computers to the max, but do it yourself as it's often cheaper than having the vendor do it. Even with Windows7, this runs very fast. I use this mainly for surfing, but even with multiple browsers and multiple tabs running, this thing is fast.Right now, I'm very satisfied with it, especially at the refurbished price.If you can get a good price, go for it. If something is really worn out or needs replacing sometimes a complaint to the vendors may solve your problem, but if they won't, getting replacement parts is pretty cheap too, you can find replacements all over the internet. So if you're like me, want a low priced laptop that you travel a lot with get one of these.
A3P5J1AOKMGTPV->When my laptop arrived I was very anxious and decided to open the box and begin working on my new laptop.  Surprisingly, after it rebooted, the Blue Screen popped out stating that windows has shut down program and should wait until it reboots itself, or a program needs to be re-installed.Moreover, this is a bad precident the seller exhibited without checking out the product before sale.
A3025T1USTM2NA->Love this laptop.  Arrived looking brand-new.  Not a scratch or dent.  Very solid construction.  Like much better than the HP I recently bought new.  One thing to be aware of:  the computer looks new, but the battery is not.  Mine wouldn't hold a charge 3 weeks after purchase. But what the heck...a new battery is just 25 bucks, and I have it on order right now.  Mostly work plug-in anyway.
A26W2SWAVZGAAV->Again Fame PC hit another strike by an excellent service with perfer timing, this really worth it an I'll prefer an A+++.Thanks for the product.
A307V440OV7CVX->I needed a basic laptop with reasonable capacity and speed. This model does the job, and at a good price.
AZ23DTD1KMKAM->Extremely good buy for an excellent product that fit our needs.It became a replacement for a desktop.Would highly recommend this refurbished machine to anyone.w
A2NR7ECEXI8CUC->Everything good, but the battery was very bad.. Last just 10 min w/o charger..Great hdd, RAM configuration, a little scratched..Everything else is good..
A2HDZ99B6GM80R->I purchased this laptop to give myself something to tinker with while recovering from surgery.  The system has been working perfectly for the last 2 months and is probably the best bang for the buck for a laptop refurb.The versitility of this machine allows for a second battery or hard drive to be installed in the module bay.  I purchased a used docking station which also includes a bay where the battery can be charged or the HD or DVD-ROM module can be used.It is always a roll of the dice when you buy refurbed or used computers and parts and sometimes you will get a defective unit but I am very happy with this purchase.
A3LXOXADFIL15R->Try itself of reporting in 3 times they never answered sound a few thieves received and did not do nigun this sending he is a thief never buy, I hope that it comes to the jail
A1ETWOU4AQ11VG->The package status was impeccable, the price is unbeatable and the delivery date was fulfilled ... I recommend it without any hesitation.
A19HJB6Z823CYE->the light has burned out in the computer already and just got it in Oct of 2012.  It should have lasted longer, the shop stated that it would be cheaper to replace the computer than the light.  I will never ordr electronics from you again. I will advise anyone else not to either. Judy K. Doty
AIAH54R6EL4V8->I ordered this laptop for school work only. its decent i was able to load it up withthe programs i needed to do my online classes. My issue's are i can not change the nameof the computer to my own which i do not like in case its ever lost. Another issueit says it comes with a webcam and doesn't (i dont use one but i dont like false advertising)over all from the seller i got it from i got a decent laptop that should get the job done for it'sintended purpose.
A3M9B8W3LV7DR6->I was very surprised at the quality, speed, and value of this refurbished laptop. The only downside is there is no built in camera. But I'm very happy with the purchase.
ANIY93DP59128->The sceen is not in pristine form - a little old feeling. But I am not at present using the screen so it doesn't matter.Everything else works.
A22PHUQYYXCVMZ->This lasted 1 week after purchase and crashed.  I paid almost $100 to have it evaluated and my data retrieved.
A1RKIGXY7WXO9O->A laptop was on my 'wants', not 'needs' list therefore my goal was to find something reasonably priced.  This is perfect.  Has Windows 7, wi-fi (a must) and probably other bells and whistles that I have not yet discovered.  At $175 plus  inexpensive $10 shipping I found the bargain I was looking for and received it a week earlier than promised.
A4APXTJAK422C->I had one of these models previously, but it got water spilled on the keyboard, and this was a perfectly priced replacement!! thanks so much!!
A1SDCV8OVZ1BCB->It is a great laptop for the price I paid for it. Everything worked and is still working. I gave it a 3 star because the screen is messed up. My son has to knock on the back of the screen to remove the pink color and have the screen clear. All in all nice laptop for the kids.
A2XUPBXVBM0N6C->my teen has wanted a laptop for a while but I just couldn't see the point in a brand new one for a 12 year old! So I decided on a refurbished one!!After months of looking I finally found one!!! It works great, super fast with no problems!!!! would def buy from again!!
A1MV8ZZFFHQB32->I purchased two of these computers for my young sons to use. They are tough on their toys and belongings -- thus far, they have held up well to the stresses an eight and ten year old can dish out.
A9CP6Q4VDQCDG->I needed a laptop for a business trip.  It had to run on XP Professional.  My own office contains two XP Professional desktops to which external hard drives containing a number of codes and data files are attached.  The Dell laptop was available within the length of time I needed to install the necessary software and one of the external hard drives for the trip.The laptop crashed within two weeks of its delivery while I was in Europe.  The video card failed  I got some use out of it, but the laptop is irreparable.  The external hard drive was not damaged.
A6BRJBZFKR1EU->Even though this was a refurbished product, it looks and works like it was purchased brand new. I was looking for a cheap replacement laptop for my older computer which stop working recently. I'm very happy with my purchase and the price was great!! I have urged my nephew to look into purchasing a laptop from Amazon before NFL Fantasy Football season begins!
A20NNRO7UV6IRY->Great Work Computer! I don't have any problems. Besides the battery life is kind of Short. It had no signs of wear or tear. It was a pice Broken nothing important or too major don't know if it was somthing that happened during shipping or what. But it doesn't affect the computer. All in all it's a good buy
A28Z1DQ12UNPQ8->This is a really great laptop. You can do browsing and watch multimedia without any problems. You should buy this if you're looking for a laptop.
A2VHQI5HCFGG7J->I had ordered this back in July. I was so excited to receive this because I thought it sounded like a good computer but once I received it I was disappointed.  It is old, no games that usually automatically, not a whole lot of memory, gets hot, it works enough if you dont need it for all the time use for long periods of time.
A2L9I967WXY3UM->The laptop arrived very quickly and it looked and performed just like a new laptop!  I was very impressed with how the laptop looked and how well it performed! Even more impressive was that I had a question regarding the laptop's wireless connection and their customer service person was extremely helpful, professional, and customer service oriented.  Turned out it was this specific laptop's on/off wireless switch that needed to be manually turned back on.  I will definitely recommend Tampa Laptops to all my friends and relatives.
A1ZPJKNGFJI0U2->Even though I think the notebook is great the attachment to go along with it to keep it charged ...you know was wrong it got TOO hot..still can't use it had to order it from DELL for 74.00 but still all in all an okay deal
A2BCLWX0IEJAIR->The product is exactly as described. I have been using it daily and have had no problems at all. I am very happy with the product and price. I ended up buying another a few weeks later for another family member.
A147XRPAZJ5P23->He fixed any sort of problem I had, without questions. Super friendly, helpful. This will be my only stop for electronics now.
A2HPV5TK7BQVNJ->Laptop arrived really quickly and I love it.  Haven't had much time to play with it but hope to figure it out more shortly.
ASJD44CIP95B3->I love this Computer!!!  I have only had it for about a week, but it seems to work Great.  It is so much lighter and than my old Dell Inspirion 1500 series laptop, which finally died after 7years.  I love the fact that all the software I am familiar with was uploaded and ready for my use upon arrival and even had the ITunes software downloaded as well.  There are also so many other extra bonus features not mention in original description, that I look forward to researching even more!  It runs very well and connection is very fast.  I am very happy with the refurbished Dell and the Cost.  I would definitely recommend this product to others.  Thank you!!
A2XF0HA5SVK1O9->I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the product. It arrived in 3 days from ordering, and I was worried about Christmas delivery. It was packaged great, loaded with everything my son will need and more. The case had minor scratches, but its for a 15 year old boy, so Im sure it will look worse. I would recommend this seller and product again, in fact 2 of my other kids are wanting to buy from them....
A2BB5ACJ74U1F0->After having to return the first machine because it locked up withing the first two hours of operation I received my second machine.  It works fine but the battery life is less than 30 minutes.  So as long as I have it plugged into the wall it is a good machine.  The only negative is the battery life being so short.  But there was a statement in the bio of the laptop that gave no guarantee for the battery life.
A2QH6K2X2KMD3P->I bought this because I need two gigs of memory and some dental work. It's O{K, but kind of retro. I mean a pcmia card slot?The problem is it comes loaded with un upgraded Windows XP and NO anti-virus.You MUST bring the updates up to date and THEN get virus protection (Microsoft essentials is free) THEN go to firefox with noscript before you do anything else. I also put chrome with adblock on it.Be also advised that support for Windows XP support ends this April, but the upgrade checker gizmo says you can run Windows 8 on it.Bottom line : You can use Dragon speak on this and STILL get that pre-molar fixed.
A2K2VBP7DCGPHT->When the item arrived I was so happy, it was my first lap-top or notebook. When I started using it, I found out that it DIDNT come with any MICROSOFT software, makes it really hard to do things/projects for college without any kind of microsoft software on the comp. OTHER THAN THAT i love my laptop
AMVFI289597WG->When I received the product it worked very slow then the harddrive crashed and i had to buy a new one.
A1UA9KMYGA0NCI->A great laptop to take on a business trip or vacation.  It won't sting too badly if it's broken or &#34;lost&#34;.I replaced the 80gig hdd with a 250 gig ssd and added 1 gig of memory to bring it to 3 gig total.  It boots up very quickly. The battery works fine but still for $25 I replaced it with a 9-cell long life battery.It showed me all the available wireless networks.It's now running win 7 pro 32 bit.  The 2.2ghz dual core processor is fast enough to play my hi def movies just fine (Of course the screen is not hi def). I did not expect it to be able to play my movies, it was a nice surprise.
A20TZH9CS5ETKP->This machine came and hooked up to the internet and will search where you can do basic things  like FB and chat! It came w/out sound card, won't recognize plug and play devices. Like it came missing certain main functions. So now we will have to spend more money to get it fixed! The reason we bought one was because of the good reviews. This doesn't deserve the good reviews at all! Good luck with yours if you decide to buy????
A1LYQDLCA2NBON->I liked the notebook, it is working fine, it is the seller that made me very mad. he did not get it to me when he said he would. as a resualt my son did not have his Christmas present from me.
A37JAUCERHCBFF->Previously I was renting  a laptop from Rent a Center. Paying so much for it. I needed a computer for personal use and to use for working at home.  It has been great so far. I am very satisfied with this purchase. and the money im saving every month!
A2J750Z7NAR4IG->I paid $311 and got to use it for three months before it died on me. Amazon and Dell both refuse to replace or fix it. What a rip Off!!!
A8JK9X2OK32HK->The price was good but something went wrong with the laptop within one month , I finded out the motherboard is the probelm, the motherboard cost more then I want too pay to get it going again.
AXZGRE3KONMJC->Never recieved the compute !!! First significant purchase , very disappointed I hope you stand behind your a-z guarantee !!!you should also put the owner of pc4zone in jail for ripping people off !! We're is my money !!!!
A1X75CZ7M8AWNT->The laptop was exactly what I paid for. I've had it about a month now and I have not had any problems. I watch videos, browse the internet, draw in a drawing program and play games within its specs smoothly.
A3757LSOL6OIZQ->this product works very well, is recommended. the battery is in good condition, and the internet connecction is perfect. very good product.
A3GT3CD8X9O89R->This laptop came fast, with very few scratches. It was in remarkable shape, I could tell it was used, keyboard a little dirty, some scratches on the top, but that is typical. Fast as heck too. Runs like a brand new laptop. I usually don't like Dell's but this one is as good if not better than my apple powerbook ever was, if you can compare Apples to, well Dell's. LOL.
A2T37189B5OXS1->Unfortunately, I had to return this item because it was frustrating to try to START or boot it without the associated basic WINDOWS program that should have come with this item.  In fairness, the seller explained that it is &#34;illegal&#34; to sell used laptops without having to delete all programs, including WINDOWS, in it.  I told him that this won't work for me because it is more expensive to get a WINDOWS program and install it in this USED laptop; I am better off just buying a new laptop instead.  I also told him that I needed this USED laptop (which I had to mail back to him/return to him) because I did not want to carry around my expensive fully loaded laptop with all my important personal and professional documents in it, and that I needed this USED laptop just when I travel.  Anyway, I ended returning this item because it was useless purchasing a USED laptop without WINDOWS in it.  This was my second time ever returning a product on-line or at a local retailer.
A139FH9X3EVETZ->I bought my laptop four months ago and it has held up nicely. I use it constantly because I run an online business, and it's a great little workhorse. The only complaint I have is that the sound is very faint. I have to turn the volume all the way up to hear it decently from the speakers. It's most likely a flaw in the particular computer I got since it's used. But other than that, I have no complaints. This machine has served me well.
A1SXJ71HACINJF->I needed an inexpensive laptop for basic home use and this Dell Latitude D630 was a great buy. It's in pretty good condition;minor wear and tear. It's very affordable. I recommend anyone who needs a laptop and can't afford the pricey ones to purchase one from here. Arrived super fast and also received a Dell carry case as a courtesy which I was pleasantly surprised. I will be purchasing again in the future. Thank you!!
AXJ8K0QPLGYRQ->Do you have tablets love to get a kindle fire 7hd do you think I could exchangePlease let me know and I will get back to you tha
A2ALKISD8SSQZU->This laptop sucks. I ordered this laptop because I need a new laptop. When I got it it was all dented, and the trackpad didn't even work.And the keyboard looked like someone had spilled water on it or something. It also didnt come with a charger. And the computer itself didnt even work. Dont waste your money and time on this.
A3HBI8FA81RKTC->It is a great laptop and everything I was told...I just wish I had a manual but learning from my grandson what it really can do!!!
A2W81PVVS630PC->Outstanding. Laptop arrived on time, works great after "playing" with it for about a week. Its looks like a new laptop. Expected battery life for this model (about 3 hours of constant use). I'd definitely order from this seller again.
A2W2II8IL52HTN->got it for my sister. It did not have the operating system as was advertised.
A29R1JX2R44I2J->If you&#8217;re going to get this computer, you obviously know that it won&#8217;t keep up with some of the high end PCs in the market. As such, this is a great find for the price.
A13P4U2EZYE38K->Its okay its little bit slowit older laptop its little bit heavy for my mobile needs, I use it lots on the car with my limo jobs
A3KTWNY5BDTC6F->This laptop its good, its the perfect for kids, great way to let them learn at a good price, very cheap but functional computer
AI64DTTAXEG66->Bought this used for $150.  It has worked like a charm.  It was purchased for its windows Xp operating system which I needed for my embroidery machine.
A247L282PID4PE->I am happy with this laptop, but was missing some of the drivers for the sound and video. I couldn't change the volume of some of the screen settings or the power settings. I ordered a recovery cd from a 3rd party in January (haven't received it yet). I bought this Laptop for a job that didn't come though, but I am planning to use it as a back up or to use on trips so if I do lose it no real big deal. I charged the battery and with it just sitting not being used the battery will not hold a charge.
A1RISUHJC6ERQM->Unfortunately My Nephew just Sold it!But the Dell Latitude D630 Had a Short in itand It shocked my Nephew he had to Go tothe Hospital!you need to Make sure these things dont shock anotherperson!I will never buy another Laptop from these Guys again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A1ESYG6TQA5A92->love it works great!
A1WBAG4NIRXOKP->Very good product for the price and was better than described. May buy an additional one very soon for my children to use.
A3U34H6SQEM14D->So far so good.  I am very please with my purchase.  It met all of my expectations.  I am still waiting for the bomb to drop.  I keep thinking something will go wrong with it, but so far the Dell has performed well.  If things continue, I will definitely be recommending this to everyone I know and plan on making future purchases.  Thanks.  Phyllis
A39U58Y32NAFEP->I bought this computer for my grandson and he loves it very pleased with the product thank you very much.
A151VATCKDEBVO->I got a refurbished Dell D630 &#34;B Unit&#34;:- 2.0 Ghz Intel Core 2 Duo- 4GB RAM- 80 GB Hard Drive- CD/DVD-RW- Official Windows 7 Professional License with recovery disc- Battery & AC adapter (power supply) included- 120 Day Limited Warranty- Refurbished by a Microsoft Authorized Refurbisher----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You can't beat the price. The performance is up to par. The only fault is the hinge for the screen isn't very sturdy. Although that is probably the case with most laptops on the market. I would not recommend this for neglectful children; because as I said before the hinges are not very sturdy. Without the AC adapter I get about 15mb/s for file transfer/ With the AC adapter I get about 30mb/s for file transfer.
A30LR2VGGRL380->I needed a computer and operating system that were compatible with some of my older ham radio equipment. This has worked out better than I expected.
AT47NGN850XPP->Eveything is working fine thanks  for asking. It is working satisfactory. I had to call in for a charger which I've receive promptly.
A39BSX071LCDCV->As a working stiff, I have been forced to use this laptop all day long. By the 1000th hour, you begin to dream of a non-existent computer-free oasis; it beckons with the promise of meaningful human pursuits... This laptop is utilitarian. It doesn't crash. It handles simple computing tasks with worthy speed, yet I can't help but watch mac-users with envy...
A1GR13JLM91NG1->The hardware is great shape.  I did a few upgrades (hard drive, OS win7 64bit, and bigger battery).  Now this machine is even better.
AUP9U0M0L1DWO->The Dell D630 is a great PC for the price! It has all the connectors that I needed, Great PC!
A261UJCYQXP3ZW->I have been using one at work for 7 years and it is a real work horse.  They tried to give me a new one, but why.  Bought one for my teenager to beat up doing homework and gaming.  Will probably go to college with him.  Very satisfied with this computer.
A1TAVVK63JXCR5->I ordered this Dell D630 notebook with xp-pro pre-installed to use with my old stuff. The notebook come earlier than expected and work perfect the first time as described on ad. I would recommend all my colleagues to purchase thru Amazon ... Thanks again and keep up the good work.
A27LJ2TRWGJPCQ->I purchased this notebook  as a utilitarian backup for my business but have found it to be far more capable. Connected immediately to my router and is faster than my desktop. Battery came charged and holds charge. Display is adequate. Have already recommended this machine to friends. The few scuffs and scratches are insignificant considering the low cost of this VERY sturdy, useful, computer. Arrived well packaged and on time.
ATKIJE22N4W22->I was a little apprehensive buying a refurbished laptop but this computer has acceded my expectations. Looks brand new, boots up quicker than my PC, and has a beautiful picture and decent sound. Keyboard a little tricky at first but with in a couple hours you are typing with no problem. I'm actually a little faster on this keyboard than on my full size one. Good purchase.
AO5D9YYBCY4XF->My brother in law bought this he loves it. He says it was just what he was looking for thanks.
AJIFXCCGQC084->A good Dell laptop. Looking strong. Fast shipping till Suriname. Only the Hard disk is a small. But good for office use.
A1OQMOEPBY680N->Very nice laptop you can have the darn thing on your lap heat free. Not like Toshiba laptop that heats up.
A3BYU7N742LWPG->A good computer, exactly as advertised. The only complaint I have is that the battery life is very short. Someone obiously didn't take care of it right.
A2HABXJTAG24H8->this comp i bought im using right now. its works just fine. most def a computer for the poor man looking for a good sturdy comp. Thank you Dell.
A3O4XSA5OP8YOU->While purchasing a used computer is always different from starting with a clean slate, it is a good opportunity to save money and what I get on Amazon comes from people who have proven themselves.
A1ITEBW6CK4XPZ->I lost my other lap top, (I hid it from my child and now I can't find it in my house).  I need a laptop to help with work and private spreadsheets and word.  It does the job.  I did not get it for high level entertainment.  My child of course is playing games on it and accessing the internet.  I dare not hide it again.  She seems happy enough.  My child tells me this is the computer that her teachers use in middle school.  The price was extremely affordable.  I'll probably end up getting another one, since my child has taken over this one.
A2VC0LLE4O5R4W->Very happy with my purchase from Tampa Laptops, so much so, that I'm ordering another Dell D630 for my Mother. Even though it's a refurb, it's perfect for home use at a very reasonable price. Keep up the quality service and selling top notch refurbs Tampa Laptops!
AJ421E7RK0TMJ->I bought this for my brother after this laptop crashed (motherboard).I was daunted that I will have to be buy another for him in a 2 years as this is what i could have afforded for him.However as soon as I unboxed it I was very pleased.Came with Windows 7 instead of the advertised XP.It looks awesome and sturdy. Makes you feel confident that it was build to last.
A1KX4W3W5V5B0A->Really enjoy my item. Not only is it in great condition any problems I had starting it up the place I purchased itt from was there to help me.
A1QXG0I8357B3O->I bought it as a back up to the other one I am using.  I checked it out and it seems to work just fine.  I am now considering  whether to install  Office 2007.
A29D5OFXVNW99L->There was a few minor scratches , and a couple of key blemishes... other than that it works fine it wasn't for that would have given them a five.
A2S3EQM4EYZF5T->needed a battery when I received it
AI38AAXN75VSN->I received my latitude with a 2.2 ghz cpu and 2 gigs of ram a week after I ordered it. Right out of the box it started up fine and the battery lasted for 6 hours. The only obvious sign of wear was on the bottom side. I loaded a 3d CAD program onto it and it performs great and runs cool. That is exactly why I love a laptop with XP. Also included was a dvd-rw drive and all for the lowest price on the net...  I have also received a monitor stand and d-port replicator from amazon and everything works fine. I will be buying refurbished from now on as new computers simply aren't worth the money.
A2KEA7PZ899BUS->The problem is they can not afford a new one. I have purchased dozens over the last few years, and places like EKAGS has supplied good quality machines at a reasonable price. Every once and a wile you will get a lemon, but it makes a difference who you deal with ( what the outcome will be. )  Recently that happened and I got a quick response, and returned the notebook and was sent another Dell.  Many Thanks, Sparkey
A3KCSN9HUSWZI5->The computer arrived much quicker than promised. The computer was in as good or better condition thanwas advertised.  The price was excellent for the product I received.  Because of Amazons policy Ifelt comfortable making this purchase and was not disappointed. I have purchased other items through Amazonand surely would recommend this supplier.
A1Q3M88FAWAOLW->i buy this pc because I needed a computer with XP to my surprise came with windows vista which made it useless for me.
A2WQNZXTRTEMSR->I needed a computer with Windows XP and needed it fast. I thought I would give this one chance as I liked the price and the specs and delivery with Amazon prime was 1 day. Got it the next day and it has worked flawlessly since I have received it. Works and looks like a brand new computer!
A1PH9AAOCJZBHQ->I added windows 8 to it and it works great.. I like the size. I dislike how it stalls but I fixed that.
A1D4K3E1F4MJU0->The shipping address in the box said: Order 109-7571000-5105025Kristin Perma395 Salisbury StHolden, MA 01520-1423Price same as mine $149.48 - But not me. Hope she's OK with mine.My DVD drive will not allow me to open a file and opening a new tab sends me to internet connection problems that requires a reboot. I have had to system restore 5 times since purchace. I will have to say that for $149 you get what you pay for. I'm sure the seller will agree.Steve LilesBaytown, TX 77520
A1THXZSAM2L1J5->I was really surprised, this was exactly as described.  Worked well on the 1st try and have used for a couple of weeks now with no problems.  The only disappointment was it was shipped via USPS which took too long to deliver, it is no wonder they are going broke.
A2MUX5Q2XZP6KD->I purchased this item for my friend who is not very computer literate.Have to say I was pleasantly surprised! This laptop has the "new" feel, even though it is refurbished.Looks great, Works even better, really fast and easy to use!My friend was able to learn to use this Laptop quickly and loves it! It is a great starter or student item! I will order another one for my grandson!
A25XBQ6HTOCNFM->This is my second Dell Latitude D630.  I chose to buy another one because it is one tough laptop.  The first one suffered hard use and kept on working.  It looks like it went through a war.  Still works, by the way, but I needed a second laptop for work so I just got another one.  I chose a "like new / refurbished" previously owned one for it's great price tag but when it arrived it looked totally unused and works perfectly.  Love the screen, NO reflections from bright light or sun, same as the old one.  I think the old one will be my streaming movie entertainment center.  I know it's not as fast as the new ones but it's a Duo-core and it is plenty fast.  Runs Windows 7 and I have nothing bad to say about this laptop what-so-ever.
A3DR6HE83BZ63Q->Received the computer on time and in great condition.  I was looking for something that did not have Windows 7.  This one has XP.  The only downer is that it does not come with a recovery disk. They said to send them an email and they would send me one.  I have not yet received it. :-(  Otherwsie I would give it 5 stars.May 15, 2013 Update: I contacted the seller again and somehow they did not receive my original email requesting the recovery disk.  They said they will now send me one.
A2IR4TRSUL2771->I have purchased several used laptops over the past few years, all totaling in cost less than what a new one would cost. I've had very good luck with two prior to this one. You get a few surprises, such as my spell check was in French, and I'm not French. But, for the most part, I've been very happy. I'm disabled, so I stay on the computer all day, every day. I have 3 lap dogs that stay on me too. They had knocked a couple of my keys off of the keyboard with their nails, and I had a couple of hints that the motherboard might be getting ready to die, so time to replace it. I won't by a new one because I hate the newer operating system they come with. So I ordered another used one. It arrived and seems to be fine, but the letters are worn on several of the keys. It's an issue with me because I'm not a typest, and have to visually see what I'm typing. Really? How much could it have possibly cost to replace a few keys? Oh, when you start your Windows, you have to put the product key numbers in.........it's not on the copy of the CD they send you, but on a microscopic stamp taped to the bottom of the computer. You have to get a magnifying glass, turn the computer upside-down, write the number down, and go from there. Think they could have stuck it on the CD for convience?
AKPQFAHHRY464->I got this laptop in a timely manner and it appears to be in excellent shape.  However, when I had problems and called Dell tech support, they told me that the laptop owner had not transferred the laptop to me.  Thus, I am unable to get help!  I have contacted the seller requesting assistance with this, but have not heard back.  When buying a laptop, be sure you get the ownership transferred to you.
A242J81UVWWBTZ->For the money it is a very good product. Typical cosmetic issues but that's to be expected. I would have no problem purchasing from or recommending this company to someone else
ADXBYH5ZSO8RU->We got this computer thinking it was going to be a good computer they said it was ready to go in good working order we got it and the computer still had the person who had it before us information on it and his temp files from internet and to many different programs on it that didn't need to be there the computer came with a virus on it we tried to run a virus scan and the computer wouldn't even let us do that it kept shutting down and going to the blue death screen  we are going to have to pay someone $150 to fix the computer and that's more than the computer cost if I were you I wouldn't waste my time or money on this product because you will have to pay more to fix it than it cost SAVE YOUR MONEY
A23HS5LK0P9JO5->Honestly, I was skeptical about this product at first. I was afraid to purchase a used laptop off the internet. However, much to my amazement, this product was awesome. It shipped fast, looks great, and works even greater. I would definitely purchase from this seller again :).......
A1F8CPSIQI7ZDU->I purchased a refurbished Dell Latitude D630, paying about as much as a low end brand new laptop.  My reason for getting a refurbished computer is because I wanted to continue to use Windows XP and this was a way to get a "new" computer that still used XP.  I also wanted to still be able to use my old programs and hardware that are still compatible with XP.  I refuse to use Vista, and Windows 7 is marginal but I don't like it and it's not compatible with a few of my programs.  Out of the box it worked perfectly.  Unfortunately it only worked perfectly for about a month.  Now I can see why it was sent back to Dell.  It will randomly crash and shut down, and now that I have owned it for several months, it's too late to return it to Amazon.  Don't bother with a refurbished computer.  Just go get a new one with a full warranty.  If it's been refurbished, there's a reason that someone else sent it back.
A3D76ATDOKOMKT->(If I have a problem I will update this review at that time, but suspect I will not.)  All I wanted is something to use offline, a graphics art program.  I do not want to be online with this laptop - I use a desktop for that - because I don't want to worry about viruses or hackers etc.  messing with my art projects.  Therefore I can't comment on how it works online.The program, Painter X  (X stands for 10, not X rated!), works just as fast and well as it does on my brand new Dell laptop. Ditto Windows XP.  I don't know about the battery since I plan to pretty much leave it in the same spot and keep it plugged in.  Everything looks virtually new.  Also, the person at Incomputer was very swift to answer my little Qs and help me out regarding a problem with the Painter (easily resolved since he knew what to do) Program.  Thanks Incomputer!
A1YH0GSJM1NDKN->I purchased one of these laptops from Link-Tronics Memory through Amazon, to replace a laptop my grandmother had that she lost in a wildfire in Texas.  She loved it! But more importantly, she took it to her computer guy and he said it was an excellent computer - better than any refurbished computer he sold.Then I purchased one for my sister who has wanted a laptop for a while.Finally I purchased one for my teenage son for Christmas.What I was thrilled about these little laptops is that they came loaded and tweaked almost exactly how I would done. In all honesty, I was prepared with my OS disc and drivers and programs to reformat, but there was no need to do so.The performance of these laptops has far superseded an XPS gaming laptop that was given to me a couple years ago. It's an old model, but that should still say something about the Dell Latitude D630.It's slim and has a nice profile to it, easy to carry with you if you don't have a case.I have refurbished several of our old computers over the years so my advice to those that have had a bad experience with this laptop is that they *are* refurbished. When companies refurbish a computer, they go through and test to see what needs replaced and they replace it or fix it, wipe the drive (or stick a new one in), maybe clean it up a bit, and you have a refurbished computer. Considering the age of the model, there are surely things that will wear out or break much sooner than you would expect from a brand new computer. The lids, keyboards, mouse buttons, and whatnot are guaranteed to have some wear and scratches, it may or may not arrive looking sparkly and new.  Buying refurbished most likely means that calling the manufacturer will do no good for support, as it is no longer under their warranty. Purchasing a refurbished, one should expect these things and set their expectations accordingly. It is not a brand new computer.All in all, the Dell Latitude D630 is a nice little working computer. It makes a perfect gift for kids, or anyone that just wants a decent laptop, but not want to spend a fortune.  The price is good too - I've looked for months for something and found this to be the best bargain.I would definitely recommend this laptop!
ADC70BW1B5GBC->I bought two of these.  The first one was in excellent condition, really impressive for a "refurb".  So when hubby murdered his laptop by spilling a drink into it, I thought this D630 would be the perfect replacement for him.  When it arrived, we were both a bit disappointed.  It functions correctly but has a loose lid/screen that can wobble and some sticking keys and generally looks quite used.  He's satisfied enough to keep it, partly because he doesn't want to be without one for any length of time, and partly because we've had positive experiences with off-lease Dells in the past even if they have a wart or two.My personal disappointment was that after receiving the first one, I expected the same level of quality from the second one because at that time, it was sold by Amazon -- not a marketplace refurb seller where you can never be sure of what you'll get until you open the box.
AW82DVGZLU9RZ->I did not like this computer at all. To me, the advertisement sounded better than the product actually looked. I pretty much gave it away as soon as I got it. Would not recommend to others.
AFCM8OWKTH4XE->I had trouble with it but was able to deal with the owner in a professional manner and got a refund with no hastle.
A37IBOXNNKDCG7->I was quite surprised when I opened the package and plugged the laptop in.  I was thinking that maybe Tampa Laptops made a mistake and sent me a new computer.  There is not a mark on it anywhere.  Better yet, it even has a larger hard drive than what Amazon advertised.The computer is very fast running XP Pro.  All of the &#34;older&#34; software I wanted to use loaded and booted without problem.  So I was good to go in about an hour -- even factoring in playing around with it a lot.  It works on battery, too, although I only had it in use for about 90 minutes and battery operation is not something I really care about.What surprised me is how fast that Dell is.  It seems much faster than my rather new Windows 7 Lenovo with an i5 processor and 6GB of ram.  Cold boot-up to running Firefox on the net and using Word is well under two minutes.  When I loaded Office on it, I was going to make some coffee while waiting.  When I turned around and glanced at the computer, it said it was done already.  I thought it probably didn't load, but it did.Yes, I am very happy with this computer.  This was an excellent deal for me.  I expected an old clunker that I could use just as a writer's platform.  What I received is a fast laptop that will do anything I want and more.
A23REYZHNNY04Q->This computer is a great novice computer, it has all the necessary features of an entry level PC, without the junk that is usually installed. The RAM installed is adaquate, however an additional megabyte makes this PC work much better. This PC has no media slots, stereo speakers, web camera, or microphone, each of which can be purchased later. For e-mail, word processing, internet browsing, or spreadsheet calculations, this is much better than a net-book.
A3U1OJKCI5SFAL->System operated as advertised and I upgraded it to Windows 7 ultima.... works wonderfully for my sons first computer and thinking about purchasing another for his younger brother.
A22LSQESWZAOIX->I,ve been a pc tech for 20 years and my dell d630 is awsome the keyboard is a little worn but got one off of amazon for 18 dollars also i added 4gb of ram. Had to get a new harddrive i had the warranty but the sent me a new one quicly with no fuse or trouble my only regret is paying double from tigerdirect instead of buying from amazon i know next time.
A2COZ02SRG3B1H->The laptop, refurbished, came with excellent conditions, but just one little but important detail....its hard drive is only 60G, not 80G, as mentioned in the promo.I would rate it as 5, but, the hard disk only has 40G free, given that the Vista takes that space, I almost would have to buy a new disk, make a backup, and you know, a mess.
A3L8SM86S4F38H->This computer is in good working order and looks good as well. Just as advertized. I am satisfied with this purchase.
A2LJT115IRMYAO->I had a old Dell with a CD drive instead of a DVD drive. I never at any point said I will never buy another Dell. When I wanted a new desktop I bought a Dell. It had no volumn to it which I figure was due to it being from the bottom of the price range and I do not like Windows 7 which is not Dells fault. I had this for several months and never said I will never buy another Dell. I decided I wanted a laptop with wireless internet as I did not have the money to get internet service and with Windows XP. I read the reviews and when I saw that it was a Dell referbished by Dell, I bought one. I will never buy another Dell. The left mouse button constantly clicks by itself. I had to reverse the buttons to be able to use it at all. Even then it causes a lot of problems when I am writing e-mails and other things. When I turn it on The Windows logo comes up and after a while the screen goes grey. Half the time the computer continues normally, but about half the time the computer just sits there and grinds. I have to hold the button down until it goes off. I am on a fixed income which it why I buy low priced computers. It hurts to have to put money aside to repair a refurished computer. Some people trade in their computers because they need or want something new. Others trade in their computers because something is about to break and they do not want to have to get it fixed. You buy these machine it is a crap shoot as to what you are going to get. Dell does not refurbish them, they just reinstall the old software and they do not care it you are ripped off by them.
