R34F9EUSMVKW6->Using it now to write this review. Works great.
R16GJ1U75Z3KVT->It looks beautiful and I love it. It work great  Thank you for fast delivery
R39Q4BMEAK2A8A->Great product but don't buy from instantreplayelectronics they are crooks..
RT5FWUSG71E8N->Very impressed with this laptop. Feels like new. Some very minor scratches on the outside, but functions perfectly.  I did go out and purchase a new power supply at the Apple Store as the one that came with it did not work.  Overall, love the laptop because it is a quality product and is a great brand to purchase used.  I installed OS X El Capitan and upgraded the memory from 4GB to 16GB.  Overkill, I know, but I had the extra memory on hand.  I have also ordered a used Apple Magic Mouse, an iBenzer Plastic Hard Case Cover (will cover those minor scratches and protect it from getting new ones), and the Mosiso Envelope MacBook Pro Shoulder Bag/Sleeve.
R15SPNW88MO88L->I love apple computers and I got this one used for a great price. I've had it since June and I haven't has any problems. We'll worth the investment.
RM6F6MOIL9M30->Awesome computer had it from 2012 until 2015! Never had any problems
R1G19DJK9WXZEM->Got the MacBook today, looks decent but the trackpad won't click. Needless to say I'm not happy with the product. Tried PRAM reset and still nothing, now I can't even log in because I can't click my username!! &#62;_&#60;
R1DO3ZP91C05UH->Brilliant machine. Still using it after 4 years
R3HCCJV3FRDB49->Nice
R3FVZBY9F3EDU2->I am highly frustrated in the misleading description of this product. I searched for a 2013 macbook pro 13&#34; and that popped up. It wouldn't show me the product details on the page where it showed the listing of &#34;used offers&#34;. At the top it was labeled the &#34;old version&#34; which led me to believe it was the version from earlier that year. It wasn't until after I ordered it and then when I was looking at the specs, I noticed at the VERY BOTTOM past the &#34;recommended products&#34; in this tiny box on the right hand corner next to the long list of detailed specs, that I noticed the release date was October 27, 2011. If I knew it were that old, I wouldn't have bought it in the first place.
AAN6C5HINKNFD->Reason why i hate it is  because u guys are totally a disgrace the hard drive is shaking at the back of it when u turn laptop up and down missing four(4) screws to hold hard drive firm in its place. the hard drive can be damage easily by that im so not happy about it.
A13V4J4N36QCBI->I am very satisfied with this product. Originally I planned on buying the 13" Air, but it was missing several features. Specifically a LAN port and DVD drive.Setting up the Pro was very easy. It took less than a 1/2 hour after unboxing to do the initial start up, transfer iTunes from my PC, install MS Office for Mac, and update OS X Lion.The quality and workmanship in manufacture is extremely high. This item defiantly doesn't have the cheap plastic feel often associated with PC based laptops. Even the box that it came in was high end.EASY is the key word when it comes to using this product.Purchased new for $1189 w/o tax at an Army Post Exchange (AAFES PX/BX).
A26NVO11ITKIOP->Regardless of whether you are a Mac person or a PC person, the MacBook Pro 13 is a wonderful computer to own and use.  Almost as powerful as the 15&#34;, but considerably less expensive, and easier to get around with to boot.
ABBD05E7PB1SC->I bought this new Macbook Pro,  I'm so glad that I did. and in my opinion it deserve any penny I spent on it. Mac Book Pro all the way.
A14K5MM0N2618P->I have been a Pc user for all my life. I am an art major and I needed something that runs reliably with some of the heavy software that I would be using. I had used a iMac at school to finish up a a project with Photoshop (this was a public computer) and it worked amazingly. The first thing I noticed was the fact that there is only one clicking button, not the left and right click that you would see on a PC. The stability of the OS X 10.7.2 is amazing. I have never used such a quick computer before. The computer comes beautifully packaged and the shape of the laptop is just remarkable. I don't know how they were able to fit such a fine mechanism into such a drastically aesthetic design. It's like Apple thought carefully about ease of use, neutrality in color, while also being fully aware of the software. The finger swipes are addictive. You CANNOT do anyhing like this on a PC that I know of. The trackpad is revolutionary in my mind. It is just one solid gray square made of glass. It feels your fingers swipes and seemlessly manages to switch from window to window, screen to screen. The camera is high quality. There is no random, no-name software in here either. This is one of the main things that really almost brought be to tears. I didn't have to uninstall all the useless junkware. The computer turns on, welcomes you, and prompts a few start up questions. Then you have the desktop. I don't, in any way feel pretentious about having this computer. This IS a very expensive computer, but I know that it is a high quality computer, well worth the price. I spend very little time on forums, trying to figure out how to use it. I don't have to call up the geeks to do the things I want, which is nice. In the long run, I may end up spending less money on repairs. I am fotunate that this device is within my grasp, but the truth is, if I couldn't dish out this kind of money, I would have had to settle for a PC.
A2QPZ31A78MJIA->best companion till today. have no complains so far. Delivery was on time, nothing missing, No problems with the device. Just excellent
A3IAM7335QN4ZA->At first it thought $1100 for a laptop was waaaaaay to much! But after talking to a few friends whom had their macbooks for 2-3 years (i been through 2 in 2 years). I took a leap of faith and bought my first macbook pro. THE BEST INVESTMENT I EVER MADE!!! It took about a week to get used to but its well worth it! The muti-tasking dosent cause the system to slowdown at all. And after playing around with my moms HP I WILL BE A MACBOOK USER FOR A LONG TIME!!
AAUTVBJQXA4FC->This is my first computer, which I got for college, although I have plenty of experience with using other people's Macs and PCs. One of the reasons I chose a Mac over another PC laptop is the Find My Mac feature with iCloud, so if I ever lose it I can pinpoint it on a Map.I am very happy with it. It's light, it looks great (and great attention to detail), it's super fast, and I love using Lion. In all fairness, I got a customized version with an SSD instead of the default HDD, but with that I can go from cold boot to coding in Dreamweaver in under 20 seconds, which I think is amazing.Trackpad is nice and large, works well with gestures. I had to change some point-and-click preferences however to get it working the way I wanted.I also run Windows 7 (and now, Windows 8) virtual machines with VMware Fusion and Parallels, with an external 1080p monitor, and it can give Windows full graphics acceleration, which I find impressive.One last thing that I love about this is the battery life: I can go over 10 hours on this thing, provided I'm not watching videos or gaming and that I don't have the screen at full brightness.It's not a *perfect* laptop however. I personally am not a fan of the glossy screen. It sometimes reflects lights, and if I touch it, I get a finger print on it, and that doesn't look good until I clean it off.
A3L3MTVQDDZQPS->This MacBook Pro is perfect for what I need it for.  As a college student, I needed a laptop that I could lug around all day and not be hindered by it.  I needed something that I could put with my books and other accessories and be able to bring it around campus with me to all my classes.  It needed to have great battery life, as well as better performance than the EEE PC Asus netbook I had previously been using.  This MacBook Pro has done the job.  Not only is it light enough to bring with me anywhere I go, but the battery lasts a very long time.  Though it may not last as long as my Asus netbook, the battery gets me through the day, and the added benefit of great performance makes the slight hit in battery life worth it tenfold.I didn't need the super-portable MacBook Air, only something that was small enough and light enough to not be overly-noticable.  If you are having trouble deciding between the Air and the Pro, think about what you need.  If you can live with your laptop being a few pounds more, but come with a bigger hard drive (albeit not an SSD), better CPU, and a disc drive, then the 13" MBP is perfect for you, as it is for me.
A3VULLZQIY5WDW->I love this MacBook, I used to have laptops, and this is my first MacBook, and I thought i wasnt going to get used to it easy, but no, I cant believe how easy is to use. This MacBook is powerful, i could have many programs open at the same time and it runs fast, and the battery last longer than i thought..  So I'd recommend this 100%..
A3R8S58R30XC7Y->Like the title says, I'm a PC, but there are just somethings I couldn't handle work wise when it came down to it. First and foremost, I would still be with my amazing HP if windows 8 didn't RUIN the whole idea of an operating system. Secondly, all my work is done on a mac, so it's frustrating syncing back and forth between the two.However, I guess what they say about apples are true. Once you go mac, you never go back.
A2TP3YZJCCW72J->Not my computer. Purchased for my son. From what I've been told he is very happy with this computer and its ease of use.
A1NZU46DW0VP6->Great as I expected. The battery life and desktop resolution is amazing. I used to be Windows user, I still miss some features, but Mac is way better I'm telling you. Once Apple, always Apple.
ATOFV6ZQ8JLON->I purchased my Macbook Pro in May 2012 after deliberating on whether to purchase a different brand of laptop after being let down by my Acer laptop. After doing some research and reading reviews I finally decided on the MacBook Pro MD313. My first concern was about the 2 USB ports. With so many devices to connect I thought that these wouldn&#8217;t be sufficient for my needs, but then I compromised. I have not had any problems with the machine thus far until about 2 weeks ago. When I connect my devices they disconnect within 5 seconds. I then started having to work on documents on drop box as I couldn&#8217;t save anything. After doing research on the internet I find out that there is a possibility that I may need the logic board replaced. I then took the machine to the istore so they could send it to the technicians. The technicians say my USB ports are damaged and since they are attached to the logic board the entire thing needs to be replaced. The cost of replacing it, close to $ 700. That&#8217;s almost the price of a new MacBook Pro. To say the least I am disappointed that a machine of this calibre can have problems like this. I have memory sticks which can&#8217;t be inserted incorrectly as connectors are only on the top part of the usb stick. I back my laptop up once every 2 months to a sea gate external drive. I can&#8217;t believe that a laptop which costs so much can be so useless. I have never had a similar problem with any of my laptops. Here I was thinking I would keep this Mac for the next 5 years as many people has said theirs lasted a long time. I am now stuck with a piece of apple junk that cost me $ 1100. If someone sees me with another apple product they must just shoot me.
A3U2IYLN02WOGY->After much debate and indecision, I have switched to Mac. My last couple of P.C. purchases have been okay, but I never felt the enthusiasm that my Mac friends have displayed. After the past couple of weeks with my new laptop I am happy, but do not approach giddiness. After I get comfortable with different operating system, I think I will be a Mac.
A21UI8URN43LT8->I needed a computer to check my hd material. With this machine, I can check my material, but I also can edit and share my work. Speed, performance, stability. Apple knows.
A1BZFRYSMNPVYF->My old laptop was starting to act funny, so I got to thinking, I may need to go ahead and buy a new one.But I wanna Mac.So, I got this one (great price!!)And I was frustrated to figure things out at first (I'm not a comp-geek at all, I just go forth with blind faith), so I was cussing about it being so "weird" compared to the PC I'm already used to.But I stuck with it and I got things going and I must say, this sucker is FAST in uploads and just an all around really nice deal. The screen is big enough at 13.3 and the keyboard is super easy to maneuver with my fingers... The backlit keys are really neat, too. Make it easy to find any key prontoTook me a few seconds to figure out the "mouse" and to use two fingers to scroll up or down. haha. Told you, I'm not a geek. But once I got it, hey, it's pretty nifty. I like it a lot better than a regular mouse or better than my laptop PC's track pad.The only reason at all that I didn't give it a 5 star rating is the weight. It's not as heavy as my old PC laptop, but it comes in at a close second. I know I know... what did I expect? But really, it's not a huge deal. Just if you're going to do a boat load of traveling and have to haul this thing in your backpack, you may want to think about the MacBook Air.Now...all that said, I know right now that I'll probably never use this Mac to its full potential. I want it for regular internet use, youtube video downloads (can't wait to use the iMovie) and for writing my Great American Novel (damn, took me forever to figure out that My Writings thing. haha. But I got it! It's good. Same as Word Processor on PC)I may update later, as this is my first day with this computer.....But I think I'll be cool.
A1JTG0TSVTFSTM->I purchased this computer for my wife about a year ago.  From the moment we turned it on we noticed the true difference between a PC and a MAC.  PC's are truly built for the Techy and MAC's for the rest of us.  That is not to say that MAC's are only for people that have no idea how to use a PC, they are built for those that don't know how all the code works.  Currently, we have two PC's and one MAC.  The Mac cost quite a bit more than the PC, however, we haven't had any software or hardware problems with the MAC and a host of software problems with the PC.  Furthermore, the touch pad on a MAC is superior to that on a PC.  There is no struggle to scroll down, right click, drag and drop and so on.  Also, when I purchased the MAC, it came with a free wireless printer.  The PC desktop wouldn't load the printer through the Windows auto feature because it couldn't find a suitable driver.  I had to use the disk that came with the Printer.  Not a problem, but when I started loading the software on the PC I figured I would see how it worked on a MAC.  The MAC asked me two easy questions, asked for permission to go to the HP website for the software and printed it's first test page before the PC loaded three of nine items from the disk.Overall, the MAC is superior in everything so far over the PC, but most importantly is the Operating system.  MAC's operating system seems flawless.  Quick start up and blazing speeds to include shut down or waking the system up.  Plus Apple thinks of little details, like a keyboard that knows it's dark so it lights up and then allows you to set the brightness.  You will pay more, but I think money is less important than time and the extra bucks are worth the savings in patience you will need with a PC and Windows.  However, if you are truly looking for that ability to figure out code and love to wait for Windows to consistently update and crash, save some cash and buy a PC.  You can tuck away the savings you will eventually need for relaxation therapy sessions after purchasing a PC.
A3740OQZRUN5GJ->Bought it July 2011 and still on love with it. got 1 issue during the early adoption of OS-Lion but Apple Care were able to rebuild it the machine for me, after that it went so smoothly.Few items from heavily user:- Battery will need to be flushed every month for better performance.- The machine from time to time get warm due to a third party software that was eating the CPU cycles.- Recommend to get external disk and take frequent backup using the Time machine.My next laptop will be new Macbook for sure.
A22BFWDPIVJ66R->This is my first true Laptop. I previously used PCs, the last being a 16" sony Vaio. I decided to finally try Mac pro as all my friends were raving about it. I bought the 13" version, as I wanted a light laptop given that my previous one was too heavy to travel with or use outdoors. I also wasn't sure I would like Mac and so I got the cheapest version.I have to say that after a short learning period, I'm really satisfied with the Mac. I can say it's my first true laptop, it's really light and slim. Battery time is amazing about 5-6 hours. Love the touch pad and gestures. It connects better to the internet; faster connection to wifi and less crashes. Much faster connection to VPN networks.It takes time to get used to the finder instead of explorer (I personally prefer explorer were you can see folders easier and cut and paste files easier). Also I would have probably been able to get the top of the line PC with the same money for the cheapest Mac pro, some time it takes a longer for iphoto to work or microsoft office products to start working but once they start they are much more stable than on PC and the lag time is minimal and trivial to me.The 13" screen is adequate for internet browsing, watching videos/photos and writing documents. It is a little small for working on excel / databases. I might consider buying a 15" in the future if they become lighter.In summary, I'm glad I made the switch. Microsoft and PC manufacturers have to step up their game if they want to survive.
AORY4JF82XPN4->this seller is the worst seller i have ever seen. I ordered a newest version of mac book pro that comes with 2.8 ghz i7+ 750 gb hard disk but what i recieved is 2.3 ghz , i5 with 500 gb hard disk. this seller is a real cheater.
A3BD3UBBL9XENN->I purchase this laptop for my son due to his major in college. I went to Fry's and it was $1199 to $1699, with books and tuition the price was out of my range. My son has a PC and most of his work can be done on it, however, the Mac works better for his design and animation work. He loves it.
A69YGESOPW9U->ooooo la laaa!!!! This baby is a beauty a must have for anyone with good ambition. The multitouch pad makes things so easy to navigate. Its fun and interactive. One flaw though is that the touch pad is kinda too stiff i may take it to the apple store and see if they can make it softer. Other than that is a real sensitive and well compact durable machine.I do not regret spending the money trust me it is worth it and i expect to have this macbook pro for a very long time or until decide i want next new version... "Once you go mac you will never go back!"
A3Q4SY37C63LNK->I did not like it at all!!!very distracting and my kids make a mess on it and they try to take it away from me.It is not a very good influince on kids and adults.It will keep you up all night playing on it and making emails in the middle of the night.i did not like it what so ever.!!
A1C0UCSKLZR0I9->This concerns a Mac Book Pro that was purchased in late 2009.  Since that time it had required TWO replacements of the track pad; a first in January, 2011, and a second in February, 2012.  In both cases I have paid for the repair (for a total of approximately $98 each time).I am very disappointed in the product as the track pad is used as much or more than any other component and it is reasonable to expect it to last more than the time it did.  I realize that use patterns may differ between people, but the fact that the computer has needed three track pads in less than three years is quite disturbing.Equally disturbing is that Apple never offered to pay for either of the repairs, which I would have expected a company to do if it was really concerned about customer service and satisfaction.  Nor have they responded to my repeated attempts to engage them in a discussion of my situation.We have a second Mac Book Pro in the family - purchased in 2008. It had to have the entire screen and back panel replaced because of a design flaw - a cable that connected an internal board to the display screen had become dislodged and pinched by the opening and closing of the computer. Total cost was over $700, of which Apple paid about 1/2. That was about a year ago. Guess what? The same problem is now recurring.
A17TSNMFFSKMS3->This MacBook is great.  I just bought it from Bestbuy and it offers all the best of the previous generation, but it's faster, cooler, and I'm pretty sure the Trackpad performs better (if that'seven possible).  The only way to go is Mac, because the battery life is phenomenal, the screen is vivid, and it's extremely light and portable.  The only thing I don't like is the fact that I bought the 13.3 inch.  It's small, even for a portable.  If you're an avid laptop enthusiast, try to shoot for the 15 inch.  Thanks Apple, RIP Steve Jobs.
A1AGASQ93Z5SDB->got this for christmas  a little of getting a learning curve  . been a pc  guy  for about  20 + years  this  is easier  so far so good!!!!update !!!!use it everyday no hang ups no error messages always on sleep mode  it's great!!!!!!
A1D3AVC3UZ60J1->first Mac I've owned in years and wished it hadn't taken so long. Very happy with my choice. Macbooks are a great choice of laptop
A1D3CIRTGKQ4R1->I love this computer!... I always wanted a Macbook but wasn't sure which one to buy... I was looking at the Air and the Pro but decided on the pro.... I would say this computer runs so nice, wayyyy better then my Dell Inspiron crap laptop... This computer runs just like my iPhone (SMOOTH). I would recommend this computer to any one that is looking to buy a computer... only complaint would be the price of course (hey its a mac), and the battery which probably lasts about 3 hours with normal use... but overall I would say buy it!!! its so worth it and you won't be dissapointed with it
A14V2EWHFBU1VG->MI comentario es para la MacPro 13'' nueva versi&oacute;n que compre. y es maravillosa. de lo mejor como todo lo que hace Apple. soy fanatico de Apple asi que entender&aacute;n mi comentario. es de lo mejor.
A1NQ53ZNASTDXH->Quick ship and was as promised. I had an even older version of this computer, but this newer version is much quicker and has  very good battery life.
AZMBAGVC7PW6D->I looked for a new PC for months. Every computer, from HP, Samsung, Sony, Gateway, even Alienware, had mixed reviews. But, the MacBooks Pro's had thousands of Five star reviews. A little more money up front, but the performance and programing is worth the money. I have to say, after using Windows and owning PCs for my whole life, I am now a believer in Apple. I have swapped to the dark side. This is now my most favorite possession.  I LOVE IT. The best part is, I do not have to worry about this computer crashing or getting a virus. I do not have to worry about this computer at all. It is fantastic, it just is.Some of the other benefits are: It has some pretty good specs (2.8 GHz, Core i7, 750gb Hard drive), the track pad is amazing with the swipe gestures, comes with plenty of good software (Photobooth, Garage band, iMovie, iPhoto), and a brilliant screen.A few cons: No HDMI port (but you can buy the converter), OSX is a little difficult to get used to.I did upgrade the RAM to 8gb though, and the best computer I have ever had, immediately got better. For only $45 here on Amazon, it is worth it.
A1ZSRSLWCJN37->Buena resoluci&oacute;n, s&uacute;per portatil y f&aacute;cil de manejar. Lleg&oacute; en perfecto estado y en la caja original con todos los accesorios.
AZ5C7H9MVKAJM->I use one of these to DJ and I'm very satisfied with it so far. Very good RAM and speed.
ABOMP12N9VMN8->Two years ago I finally tried a Mac.  What a revelation.  Back-lit keyboard. Boots up in a second.  Rarely updates itself. Never inconveniences me. A Swipe pad that actually works. A ? Solid state hard drive that works when I am using it on the go.  My windows based laptop wasted more of my time in ONE HOUR, than my Mac has in over a year. Yeah, you need to buy and download 'pages' and 'numbers' to communicate with the 'Uninformed' still on Yahoo Mail, but that's no big deal.  Important tip, let your little kids use it, they will never go back to any Microsoft based system - doesn't that tell you something? Classic example, my old dell & HP, (remember Acer?), crap laptops and my 'newer' Toshiba Satellite laptop was delivered without their printer drivers enabled, wtf ! ? .  I had to go to Window's sub menus and turn them on, select a printer, download the drivers and then hope it would work.  I take my Mac to my in-laws house and just plug the printer's USB cable into it and it starts printing in about 10 seconds. Don't even get me started about music streaming with USB 2.0 & upsampling to 24bit/192kHz files. Do the Math! I'd give it 7 stars if I could :).
A1TR504TDD4RYO->I highly recommend getting some type of laptop sleeve with it, Laptop Sleeve 15 inch Neoprene Surf Art Style, there's something about this particular design that I just love. Makes such a difference now that I use it daily. Besides the actual case being lightweight and tough, it fits my Mac like a glove, I recommend it. In summary, the Apple Macbook Pro is second to none. The speed of the processor alone is worth the purchase price, my internet speed literally tripled when I first got online with my Mac. Highly Recommended!
A2Q09I9WDM3DBG->This is my second MB Pro, I just love my first one so much that I got another to take to work instead of the old tower units. Tired of all the constant updates and slow computer. Really should have started with Mac along time ago.
AHDVL3YD7WCUW->Like many reviewers, this purchase was the final step in the long road from PC to Mac user.  Approximately five months after my initial purchase, I'm very pleased with how things have turned out.The good: Aside from the obvious things (beautiful to look at, very robust construction, etc.), the Mac is simply more fun to use than a PC.  Not surprisingly, Mac software works better on a Mac.  iTunes went from a nightmare program on my PC to a breeze on the Mac.  Updating my iPhone and iPad has been similarly streamlined.  Compared to the PC's I was testing, the Mac felt far sturdier, and more likely to withstand my business trips.The bad: Some things just take more time to get used to.  Some are simple: the control key combinations to cut, paste, undo, etc. all use the command key.  This is still causing me problems while typing this review.  The Finder folder is just a different system than My Documents for organizing documents - I find it more challenging to arrange things into folders, delete redundant items, etc.  Most of my complaints can be summarized into the category of teaching an old dog new tricks, and I think more practice will make things easier.  Other things that have caused some problems/irritations include needing to reformat external hard drives, finding Mac printer drivers for my printer, repurchasing MS Office, and having my dog chew my power cord.The other: I don't notice any particular speed advantages on my system vs. my four-year-old PC.  I'm certainly not testing the limits of the system's computing power, but had hoped to notice an improvement for day-to-day tasks.  Following the advice of some of the fellow reviewers on Amazon, I purchased an additional 4 GB of Crucial Ram, but haven't noticed any tangible improvements in performance.One addition - I bought a Time Machine a few months after purchasing my Mac.  Though pricey, the automated back-up for our families computer is extremely comforting.  I'd recommend it to anyone, especially if you need a new wireless router as well.
AWR19WM8GXV48->Cannot believe it took me so long to make the switch to Apple. What was I thinking? Easy - user friendly - no hassles -
A9L234DTHU0YO->As a previous Windows user (11+ years), I was a little skeptical switching to Mac. However, due to my new career in photography, this was a must! I'm so highly impressed with this computer -- automatic updates, no pop-ups, no virus problems, and I don't have to wait an hour to restart the system! It was a little difficult for me to fork out the extra cash, but I'm so glad I did! No regrets whatsoever--I'm totally sold on Mac!
A1R3JK1DGH5FJT->For many years i was a PC guy until I purchased this through Amazon.  My main reason in buying this was for my musical DJ setup being that today's dj uses mp3/mp4.  Let me tell you that this MBP rocks! Its superfast and superpowerful.  I am never going back to PC.  The included apps like Garageband and Photobooth are fun to use! The built in camera is cool too.  The beautiful thing about ordering through Amazon (and living in California) is there is no tax! Thats like a $200 savings! On top of that, shipping was free and it actually arrived to me 1 day before the actual estimated delivery date! good job Amazon/UPS!
A1APHWBG71YQ3M->Well, it's cheaper than you get it from bestbuy or apple official. But my battery was rotten when i just got it and it only could last no more than 3 hours browsing the news. If i watch movie, then it sucked. Idk why.
A3R8VL76FJACUW->It's a Mac. It's elegant in design and has fancy applications, and a sleek OS.It's a Mac. You buy it or you don't.
A2CXGP4K3LAFLW->I am 12 and my parents got me this for Christmas. It is my first laptop. My fsmily is a PC family but I think this laptop is awesome. Looks great, easy to use, fast, battery last me almost 7 hours. Great computer
A3JWBX58T359W6->Bought this as a present for the wife after we got our tax return last year. I was going to buy it at Best buy but since it was $50 cheaper on amazon plus free shipping and no tax, I decided to get it on here. We have had this MacBook Pro for over a year now and we haven't had one problem with it. It still works like it did from day one. I love Apple products and will never go back to a PC. Yeah you pay more up front for a MacBook over another laptop with windows, but you aren't having to replace it every 2-3 years. I bet we will have this Pro for 10 years and still not have anything go wrong with it. I highly recommend getting it.
A3PPQJH7X2RX3K->After a few years of hesitation I finally "drank the kool-aid" and bought my first Apple computer, the MacBook Pro 13 in.  The biggest reason I put this purchase off is not because of the Apple products themselves, I truly didn't think I was good/smart/worthy enough of a Mac.  My fears were put to rest with the delivery of my MacBook this week.  Though it does take some getting used to, the startup-walk through and tutorial was very helpful and Apple was gentle with me.  It's actually more compatible with my non-Mac using cohorts and business stuff than I expected.This is truly one of the most positive  experiences I've had with a new computer purchase.  The performance is still amazing to me: quick, simple, direct and minimal fluff and fanfare (which takes up valuable space).  The swag is does offer is useful and also user friendly.If you are quasi-savvy with computer technology and have been debating on leaving the dark side, I recommend making the change.  You deserve it.
A1JPBW3NF8337O->Great laptop: design is clean, screen size is not too big nor too small (I believe 13'3" is the best screen size) reducing power consumption.OS X Lion is very user interactive, especially the trackpad. I've never used OS X Snow Leopard, all these features are very interesting to me.Downside is that some of the applications from OS X Leopard will not work in this OS, meaning you having to purchase new ones or completely losing the ability to run the program all together. I program very often, so A LOT of tabs on my browser, different IDEs, and different OS open at once. I can't see much difference between the new processor and the old 2.4 GHz processor.My suggestion is to purchase this laptop and upgrade the memory to 16GB yourself. It is very simple to do and MUCH cheaper. I bought 16GB memory for a little over a Bill while an 8GB memory upgrade through Apple costs 2 Bills.The same goes with hard drive. I believe 750 GB is plenty of space, if you 'need' more, an external hard drive would be more appropriate.Upgrade to SSD is also very simple and you have much more control as to the quality and price you prefer that goes to your laptop.I did remove the hard drive to transfer some files from my broken MacBook and replace it back. It is do able by anyone that is not unorganized (losing screw is the most common and worst case scenario).I suggest purchasing an arm-pad cover (such as Moshi) to prevent dirt on the laptop, especially to those who will spend a lot of time typing. However, I do not encourage a keyboard cover because it disturbs the air flow that is crucial to the cooling system.If you were to buy a laptop cover, make sure that the bottom is not completely covered with plastic, this will also disturb the cooling system. Make sure that there are holes on the bottom of the cover (I found iPearl to be a great choice since it comes with a little stand to allow air flow)I believe purchasing the 500GB is preferable. It is hundreds of dollar cheaper and upgrades of memory and hard drive cost the same.Processor difference is barely noticeable unless you are doing something crazy with this laptop.Even if you open Photoshop CS5, browser, and all iWorks or Microsoft Office, you still wouldn't be able to tell the difference.
A1IOBMJSP8UU7R->When I first purchased this computer, I wanted to shoot myself in the foot afterwards. even though it's the best price that you can find anywhere, I was taking a serious plunge. Now that I have it,there are no regrets. This is a great computer and judging by the high quality durability, its going to last me a while. It's sleek and sexy; I feel like a new person because of this computer! If you haven't already converted to mac, I highly recommend you do! I'd buy this again in a heartbeat :)also if your a student, don't forget to get the microsoft windows for mac
A3UGBE41PPX20W->I had been shopping for a new laptop for some weeks. My old iBook, over 8 years old was still working well, but I was never happy with the keyboard action.Given the  opportunity to work  for a short time on  a Mac Book Pro that a college student of my  acquaintance uses  convinced me that the keyboard action on the new MacBook Pro has some "feel" to it. As a child of the typewriter age, I need some resistance under my finger tips.  I have also worked on a Dell, which self-destructed about the time the warranty expired; and earlier Apple models included a Powerbook G-3 and way back in the dark ages I had a 5300 Powerbook. Having said all of this, as a journalist who carries a  lap top to many, many governmental meetings, theatre productions, and even into courtrooms, this new MacBook Pro is the finest tool I have ever has the  privilege of using in my work. The battery life is enough so that  I don't have to seek out an electrical outlet after a couple of hours, and the wireless connection is amazing. My new Apple lap top also works well with buy existing laser printer, and with a memory stick, I can transfer articles into my desktop for storage or  further editing.This is the first time I have considered clearing my desk of my desktop and using a lap top exclusively....and the backlit keys are a God-send when working in areas with limited light, which I occasionally have to do.
A1ZD2OV5KTF78O->I'm giving this machine five stars on looks alone.  Aesthetically, with its aluminum design as sleek as a yacht's prow and its packaging in a white cardboard suitcaselike box, it beats all other laptops hands down.The MacBook's performance is first-rate.  As soon as you turn the Mac on, it springs to life, and it is equally as deft when connecting to the Internet.I like the feel of the keyboard.  It's finger friendly.  Compared to my old PC's hard plastic keys, the Mac's pliant slightly raised plastic keys feel preferable to my fingertips.  The backlit keys on the Mac are also appreciated.At first, I did have one bone to pick about the Mac's keyboard.  I missed the "home" and "end" keys that were located on the right-hand side of my PC.  I used these two keys frequently on my PC, especially when I was working on a Word document.  Through experimentation I found out Apple uses a different method to accomplish the tasks of these two keys.  Simply press the "command" key and the right or left arrow keys depending on whether you want to go to the "end" or "home."  And voila!The Mac's HD screen is crystal clear.I wanted more memory, and adding it was no problem.  I replaced the 4 GB RAM with 8 GB RAM from Crucial.  If you do this yourself, like I did, be sure you have the correct Phillips screwdriver for the job.  I used a "00" Wera screwdriver that I bought on Amazon after reading  Harry Austin's helpful review of this Mac.Occasionally I experience glitches with the cursor.  I tap it and it jumps up for some reason and doesn't click through.  Maybe you have to be sure to tap the multitouch trackpad in the proper place.  I'm not sure why the cursor jumps once in a  while.  Usually, for me, the cursor does not jump, but it does happen.I use Word a lot in my work, and Word Office for Mac seems to run fine so far, though I haven't used it much as yet since I just bought this Mac.All in all, the MacBook Pro is a fine, solid piece of equipment that is a speed demon when it comes to performance.  I have no regrets about switching from a PC to a Mac.  In fact, I'm glad I did.
AFWNB49LVPXT2->Let me tell you a bit about myself. I'm a techy guy. I love my computers, ipods, mp3 players, tablets, phones, tvs, etc. I had always thought of apple as an over priced product with a good marketing campaign (it is that but i'll get into that later). I had an ipod classic for 5 years (since 2007) and i was happy with the reliability so i bought my first smart phone in october 2011, it was an iphone 4 32gb. I used this for a very long tme and i was very very impressed with it. I still mostly had a bad taste in my mouth about apple but after the pasing of steve jobs i garnered some mutual respect for the company. Buying an iphone (skipped an ipad as i was waiting for the new one) and i wanted the full apple experience in the mac. In february 2012 i had saved up $1500 to get one. ($500 plus credit) so i purchased the macbook pro 13 inch core i7 model.My first thoughts when opening the package were "WOW this is stunning looking, i hope it works as good as people say" i turned it on and set it up. The keyboard lit up and the screen was very bright. The entire thing felt very very sturdy and strong. The onboard speakers are decent and the headphone out is fantastic. I get 7 hours of battery out of it easily and it is very easy to carry around. I use the Thunderbird port with an adapter and plug it into my tv. It handles movies, internet browser, and music very well. It boots into boot camp (windows 7) and it runs windows 7 better then my gaming pc with way higher specs (better quality components) The os is very slick and simple and the mac is very easy to use. The screen resolution is kind of low but it's not to big of a deal. The multi touch track pad works very well and my fingers glide swiftly across it. It's a pleasure to use.unfortunately everything has faults. for $1500 i'd expect to get dedicated graphics but i'm given intel hd 3000. My $500 acer laptop has a better gpu. For this fact the rumors about apple being over priced are very true. You pay for the price however in a very well built reliable machine with a high resale value.Another issue is the reponse i get from people on the internet and in public. In public people usually comment on how good macs are. On the internet people call me derogatory names and call me stupid for using a mac. Claiming that only "computer illiterate old people use macs" I know how to use a computer, Macs DO GET VIRUSES and so do PCS. However i'm smart enough to know how to be safe online. haven't had a virus in years. I build pcs and i own 3 computers. I use an android tablet and an apple smart phone.all in all this a great computer if you want to spend the price for such a machine. But keep in mind Much better specs can be had for much much less although they are unlikely to look, feel, or run as well as this let alone last as long. In this world you get what you pay for. Buy a $600 windows box and you will see what happens when it breaks. Buy an apple and if you need help appls has you covered, just remember to get apple care after your first year has run up.this apple user is signing out.
A2YYK3N9ATGJ9D->this computer was delivered in a timely manner and was precisely as expected. great condition thus far and much appreciated in original description that it was noted it only came along with the charge cable and nothing else. Charger cable does seem to reach a higher than normal temperature when in use but hasn't effected anything overall.
A6A7RKCETPIW4->I bought this product from Amazon Warehouse deals. The shape said "very good". I had recently bought this model from apple online refurbished. The total was $1,010 with tax. The Amazon Warehouse deal was $882 with tax and overnight shipping. I was crossing my fingers that the shape would be good. I was amazed! It was shipped very well in the original box! No scratches, and plastic on the screen! I also called Apple and they said the warranty was effective until May, 2013. So this was a real $128 win, with only a little over 2 months lost in warranty. I love Amazon!
A1UFSPLMQB6VNH->I bought this computer with the intent of using it for college and for photography. So far it is awesome for photography and for a every day computer. One con would have to be that the outside top of the laptop LOVES to collect scratches, it looks great when its clean, but get a scratch and it stands out like a sore thumb. I would highly recommend a cover for the outside of the mac if you get one.The Pros, this thing is blazing fast, intel hit it outta the ball park with the i7 dual core processor. Couple that with 4gbs of ram, and a 750 gb hard drive and this computer will give a new desktop a run for its money. The operating system is what really stands out, as a former PC owner I was under the impression that macs were for the professional and that they weren't very unser friendly. This is completely not true, every thing you do or use has that little bit more thought put into it. This in turn makes your entire computing experience that much faster and smoother.Also when ever Mac comes out with a new operating system, two things are going for you. One you can rest assured that its is not going to be completely different like windows xp and vista or 7, it will feel and operate  much like the previous one. Two the price, when Osx Lion came out for mac last summer it was available in the app store for $29.00, compared to $200 for a new windows operating system.Yes they are expensive, yes you can get a pc for 1/3 the price, but to get a pc with the same performance as a mac you WILL be spending close to the same price as the mac.All in all I am avery satisfied with my purchase and am happy to say that I wrote this review from my new Mac. :)
A1F6MN0UJVOMQX->Estoy enamorado! Es un espect&aacute;culo esta maquina. La calidad y funcionamiento es impecable. La compra fue perfecta. La entrega r&aacute;pida y el equipo es lo mejor.
A1QMRXGMNLXCOV->This mac Book all operations and Functions were perfect Until I wanted to make a home movie DVD. This laptop has a Matshita DVD super drive and it was repeatedly unable to burn full 7GB movie to a  +/-R DL DVD's. However it will burn 4.7GB single layer DVD's or it will burn less than 4.7GB movie in to double layer disc. When you have more than 4.7GB movie or data +/-R DL disk will eject with error code 0X80020022(The disk can't be burned because communication between the computer and the disc drive failed). Apple Tech support could not resolve this and genius bar was willing to offer me a new laptop. but Excellent Amazon customer service sent me a new replacement but unfortunately new replacement had the same issue. even though  apple does not believe this is a batch issue there are lot of customer complains out there. If you do not worry about making DVD movies in to DL DVD's this laptop is Perfect.
A3M4PNSKK5ARC2->Windows is all about choices. Tons of antivirus programs, tons of PC manufacture, tons of peripheral devices, printers, scanners, LCD monitor. Some of them old, some of them new, some of them cutting edge. But one can mix and match. I read Amazon reviews to find best printers, LCD monitor, or wireless mouse among thousands of choices. For Apple, it wants to lock you into their product ecosystem. So if you buy one of their products, you've got to buy all supporting devices or software as well because they work best together. iMac works will with Apple's wireless keyboard and mouse but not others. iPad or iPhone force you to synchronize with your own Apple computer to add anything to it or export anything out of it, whereas Android or Windows devices can transfer in/out any files on any computer.My 6 years old 20 inch Dell 2007FP LCD monitor's resolution is supported by almost all PCs at my home but not my Apple MacBook Pro because of lack of display options in the system preferences and device drivers for Mac OSX. My 2 years old Canon MG5220 does not have as good a wireless scan client program for Mac OSX as it does for Windows.For me, I like to have choices. I read reviews on Amazon and web and choose what works and they are usually less expensive.I guess I am old-fashioned. But I do not like multi-gesture touchpad. The problem is the feedback mechanism. In a wireless multi-buttons mouse, dedicated click or scrolling-buttons provide precise feedbacks while interacting with zoom in/out of photos, scroll up and down pages, or forward/backward websites. The MBP's touchpad with built-in multitouch-mechanism  is a little finicky to me. It's not precise enough. Often I over-scroll or over-zoom or under-clicking with the intuitive-based mechanism of fingers-eyes coordinations.I prefer Windows Flip View where I can switch between the familiar full views of my running programs( while holding alt and tab keys ) over the graphical-icons views of running applications, as in OSX's Expose or Mission Control. I agree they are eye-candies but I prefer to be focus on my current views to get things done without additional aesthetic distractions.Upgradability is very limited. Replacing hard drive or memory is extremely hard to do for average users due to MBP's sealed uunibody construction. Everything is designed to have less screws and seams, in in favor of the minimalistic design principles. It's all dependent on your lifestyles. If you are willing to invest some time to learn how PC works, you can  can retro-fit your 5-10 years old PC with faster and bigger memories or hard drives with a screw-driver and less than 10 minutes of your time and make it capable of running Windows 7, whereas a 5-10 years old Mac have much less options.My Canon MG 5220 printer software do not work as well in OS X as in Windows. While I can scan and wirelessly transmit the scanned file to Canon's client in Windows, OS X's driver do not have such feature. My 23-inch Dell LCD monitor is not fully supported with MBP because of limited external display resolution support in OS X. My only option to display LCD's full resolution is to extend, rather than mirror, the laptop screen to the LCD, which is awkward, and not practical for me. So I end up usingmy 5 years-old Acer laptop with my 23-inch Dell LCD.When running boot camp in Win7, MBP's support of Win7's sleep function is not working properly. It wakes itself up while in my backpack without any obvious reason and in the process itself, heat up and drain the battery.If you are the type of person who like to have a full size keyboard with a dedicated numeric pad for doing calculations, connect to a generic external LCD monitor in the home office, repair or upgrade hard drive or memories youself,  I'd suggest look into other alternative offered in Windows for reaons above. Windows are much better for getting tasks done efficiently and cheaply.
AB5X33T2GGPRB->Great Product High quality, I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase. I ordered the 8 Gig of Ram from Amazon and I can't see what paying more would get me! Fast shipping sales tax free and a warranty from Apple! What a deal. This is the second one I have purchased and am very pleased!!!
A32PQY39UFGPKL->Not only does this seem to work well ( how would I know since I gave it to my daughter and she never lets anyone else near it) but it also bought me much adoration from my college age daughter.  She says it's &#34;awesome.&#34;
A2NEUMZD298M0E->If there is one day, everyone on earth owns a Mac, it is no surprise to me at all! This device is so awesome! I am really glad I switch from Windows7 to Mac system! So fast!!And the shipment is also fast.............. It arrives one day earlier!! Good job UPS!!!!!!!!
A34WVXDR434MY5->I bought this laptop because I wanted a change from my regular windows machines. I had heard about how well Mac is designed , and when it arrived - I got to see it myself.It is a very well designed product. It definitely does not heat up as my windows machine ( I own hp, dell, toshiba... ) . It has a great OS and great built in software ( iSuite ).. Easy to setup, and then begin working on it. It is great for viewing photographs and editing them. It is far superior in color reproduction than any of my other machines - finally some justice done to my photographs. Multitouch and gestures are awsome - windows machines are no way near it. Good sound reproduction - i love it with my bose on... The webcam is much better than competing machines today.Being a machine, I cannot say that it is perfect - it froze on me yesterday. It is still a great effort in inching towards one.
A3BSKE30VFG3FG->Got it for my niece for her high school graduation, 5-star rating is based on her reactive and satisfaction with the gift!
A3K96R872MUM3D->Great price and so sleek sexy looking laptop. Bought this for a gift and she is loving it, highly recommended.
A2O521Y53FSE7D->my pro shipped fast and was delivered the next day! i paid for two day shipping and it came in one! i love all apple products and this was no exception. Easy set up, user friendly, and beautiful to look at! This is my first Macbook and i know i will never go back to PC. even my PC loving boyfriend was jealous!
A13CHEZ4J5PJP5->The first computer I have purchase which runs on a Mac platform. I will still continue to use my Windows computers as I believe they are more geared towards the businessman, but the Macbook is something that I will use at home. I enjoy this machine. Very light, user friendly and crash-free.
AWBFA6MJT364Z->Finally switched to mac and i'm lovin it!!! Th learning curve was a tad steep but there was more than sufficient resources online and offline to make it smoother. I havent found any flaws worth mentioning to be honest. It is sleek, neat, easy on the eyes and most important not complicated. Would recommend this to any one looking for a notebook that is simple, neat and does what you need it to do without a fuss.
A3F58U320OGFRX->This is a great laptop! I have an iMac and really needed something portable when I travel and go on location. This macbook pro is perfect. Does everything I needed it to do and is great for tethering my camera for photoshoots. Although the screen is a tad to small for some real heavy photo editing, I love using it as a review screen for my clients to see their work. It was all about portability for me so this was a perfect fit. Everything works just how it should!  just make sure you upgrade to 8 gigs of ram to really get the true power out of this machine. It is actually faster than my desktop!
A29R3U2A4611GZ->I bought a brand new Applie Macbook Pro from Amazon and Amazon was the seller (not any one from the marketplace).So I was convinced that it is the real deal. I got the machine for $1119 with no tax and zero shipping. That was roughly $150 cheaper than any other channel of purchasing it. Apple store had it for $1199 with tax (I am in CA). I got the laptop in 3-4 days and it came in original Apple packaging.
A1IGMBIZ5X91TO->I just received the laptop today and have not been able to shut it off!! I researched a lot of different computers, I wanted something for everyday, I don't use it for work just personal stuff.Right out of the box was ready to go, awesome is all I can say! I can't even hear it run. I noticed in the reviews different people complained about fan noise, I have not even heard the fan.Switching from windows to mac is a huge change, but you catch on real quick.1st day, not a lot of time on it yet but it's awesome!I wouldn't hesitate ordering this computer, you won't be sorry, and fast, unbelievably fast!!Love it!
A16QGXY3UX18MB->Very happy with the product and also with the price and customer service. it was shipped next day after i bought it, so, excellent. Thank you
A1M5R7LMFLGKXS->Love it.  Had it almost a year and it's never crashed.  Runs just as fast as when it was new.  Not a single problem.  Can't say that about windows based laptops I've had.  The only drawback is that there is a small learning curve.The price.  The upfront buy was very expensive compared to a laptop.  But when I consider how long this will last vs a laptop and the lack of problems, it became a easy decision.Will NEVER buy a Windows based laptop again!
A23VD9NDCSBSSH->After purchasing a Macbook Pro for every day computing, creative writing, and for classes through college i realized that the money i had spent was definitely worth it.The computer is AMAZING right out of the box.  Some computers need add ons, upgrades, and all kinds of other things, but the only accessory I purchased was Microsoft Office.  I have become addicted to this computer, and cant stand using the horrible trackpads offered by other computer brands.  If your even thinking about it, give a Mac a try, and you wont be let down!
AA33J7A0B9Z0M->I was not sure to change to Mac.  But i started a new post grade in Trauma and i needed a program like Osirix to work.  I love this Mac.  I will never go back to my old computer.  Also i had 2 HP and i had lots of problem with the motherboard and the warranty, it took me 4 months to get my PC back the first time.
A1GRQV3U85ZW4E->Product is to beware bad pornographic influences.  But why not tell the consumer.  Life is good with the MacBook.Victor Tay
A26IIU4PEFO85G->Having used a PC for years, I only recently switched over to the macbook 13".  It is the perfect size & light.  It works beautifully.  There was an issue with my macbook within days of receiving it, so I made an appointment at my local Apple Store's Genius Bar-- and they swapped it for a brand new one.  Thank you apple.
AOLWCEX0UK2FW->My MacBook Pro was plagued with issues from the start. At first, I really liked it! What college kid wouldn't?The first issue with the computer is it overheats and overheats BADLY. I'm fairly sure that's what caused my hard drive to fail. Apple, if you're reading this, you need to add ventilation to your laptops. The laptop, IMO, became DANGEROUSLY hot.Also, 2GB of RAM isn't enough for this system. Neither is the graphics card.My laptop lasted only two years, so consider that when you buy a computer.
A1WDNYATW55V46->This is the perfect laptop any type of need that you might have...school, work, home, traveling, etc. I would recommend a MacBook Pro to anyone! Apple never ceases to amaze me!!
A1PRU4M4R0T6M8->I have the 500GB/2.4GHz Core i5 version. The hardware quality alone makes it worth the price, and MAC OS X Lion adds another layer of excellence.As others have said, the attention to detail in the hardware is superb, most notably the aluminium unibody chassis, the vivid LCD screen (1280 x 800), the panel hinge and the unsurpassed trackpad. The baseline Macbook Pro represented here is a beautifully engineered embodiment of the Intel Sandy Bridge mobile platform with integrated HD 3000 graphics.I have a few minor negatives to share, but nothing that would warrant docking a star from the rating:1) You won't be getting iWeb or iDVD as part of the iLife package pre-installed with the machine. You still get iMovie and Garageband, though.2) 4GB of memory is on the edge of being too little, depending on how many applications you are apt to leave open during a working day. You may be glad that it is easy to upgrade the RAM on this machine to 8GB.3) The integrated graphics are weaker than the previously supported nVidia discrete graphics in the Core 2 Duo MacBooks. You now have to step up to the 15" Macbooks to get a machine suitable for graphics-intensive tasks (other than video encoding and playback). But, unless you use your machine for gaming or 3-d animations you are unlikely to miss the graphics prowess of a discrete GPU.These days Windows has gained much of the stability and usability that used to be the sole province of Mac OS, so the preference for Mac OS is less compelling than it once was. Nevertheless, the use of a large, ergonomic trackpad with reliable and accurate gesture recognition *built into the OS* is a wonderful thing, and not easy to give up once you've experienced it. Windows 8 may take that distinction away as well, but so far I've not come across PC hardware good enough to make the experience as complete as it is with currently is with a late 2011 Macbook.
A2AOFJLG6NWA5W->i am very happy for this product, is excellent working for my office and house, my kids love it, me too
A1G6OB52QJFS9Y->There is no other computer like macbook pro. I gave 4 start only because the perfect one will be a macbook pro with solid HD. That is the only thing that this macbook pro miss.
AAAI5A49L3MKG->Just purchased the newest MacBook Pro 13". This has the 500GB hard drive and I've replaced the stock ram with Crucial 8 GB. I also have a Mac Mini and was able to download all my apps and get up and running in no time. This size (13") is the ideal size vs weight for my needs. Everything about the design is well thought out. I am stunned at the quality of the power adaptor (Mag Safe), the backlit keys, the trackpad (pinch to zoom), and the outer shell are all top notch and well executed.At $1139, these are a great machine for the money.
A1ARBZWSSA29KF->Still getting used to new features, but overall, like it. One thing seller needs to do -- do a better job of packaging. Flimsy USPO box arrived with dent in it. Also, computer was not properly protected with supportive styrofoam or any materials beside loose &#34;peanuts&#34; -- a real pain when you open box and they fly all over the place. I was concerned that computer might have been damaged. A better job of cleaning case would also be appreciated. Smudge marks evident.
AJ30VACAMGDJC->Mac was great, brand new , without any damage!The delivery was fast!I`m very satisfied with my purchase!I highly recommend it!
AK2SOPE9S79TQ->Plain and simple, the 13" MacBook Pro w/ Core i5 processor is excellent at being what it's supposed to be...a laptop!  I spent months researching laptops.  I wanted something full powered (core i5) in a simplistic 13" form factor, with great battery life.  I went back and forth between some of the new 'Ultrabooks' such as the Asus Zenbook & Toshiba Portege.  They were tempting, but a big turn off to me was the limited processing power and shallow feel to the keyboard.  In the end I came down to the Lenovo U400 and this MacBook Pro.  An excellent Black Friday deal got be the U400 for around $850, so I took the plunge.  Without going into details, the end result was a return within a week and my ordering of this fine computer.What really sold me on the MacBook Pro was it's ability to thrive at being a laptop.  I personally do not feel there is a better laptop out there for the reasons in which I will list shortly.  Now I will start off by saying that I am not an Apple fan simple because they're Apple.  Now, that said, here are the reasons that sold me:1.  The simplistic, all aluminum case in a 13" form factor.2.  The keyboard is second to none for laptops.3.  The touch pad is a dream to use.4.  The battery life is top notch for a full featured laptop.5.  It has the little extras such as back lit keyboard and SD reader built in.Notice I did not mention anything about the Mac OS.  Up until I purchased this computer, I had very little experience with the Mac OS, so I was a little hesitant.  I have a fairly technical background and knack for tinkering with my computers, so I figured how hard could it be to learn?  To my surprise, it was a little frustrating the first week or two, but after that all I can say is that it simply makes sense.  Things work in the way that they should work.  Does this create some limitations on what you can do in comparison to a more open Windows? Yes, certainly.  But at the same time, I've learned that I really don't need to do those tiny little things I was fussing over.  Some people will never be fans of Apple or their OS, and that's understandable.  But coming from an avid Windows user and someone a little more technically inclined than the average person, I can honestly say it's a pleasure to use the Mac OS.My only tiny gripe is that Apple still refuses to incorporate HDMI.  I'd love to hook my MacBook Pro up to my external monitor for those times the extra screen real estate could be used.  There are plenty of adapters out there though to make this happen still.  I just wish it didn't take an adapter or special cable.So far so good.  I highly recommend the 13" Core i5 MacBook Pro to anyone looking for a new laptop!
AH184ED4UKU9B->ok so i have always been just content with my old pcs  but now that i got my new macbook im so HAPPY, i immediately upgraded my ram to 8gb and that was a lil bit of a pain cus the screw driver i bought from amazon was a POS but the computer is fast, powerful and just overall sexy. i had to save for a long time to get it but man am i happy i did. do not buy the computers anywhere else i saved like 400 dollars by ordering from amazon and installing my own ram which apple completely rips you off to do.
A1CAOGN0CL1YU3->macbook pro is the best computer to ever be made. great product and will never buy an other brand again.
AI07VSSGF2OZP->Where do I even begin? I just got this laptop 3 weeks ago and I am in love with it. Some of the few things I love about it:- Fast startup and shutdown: It takes about 5 seconds to startup and about 3 seconds to shut down. So when I'm in a rush to run to class or I'm hurrying to shut it down and put it up before my 11 month old walks over to cause destruction it's easy and convenient.- Quiet: This computer is super quiet. Granted I keep in on the fan at all times (Cooler Master Notepal X2 Notebook Cooler R9-NBC-4WAK-GP) it's very quiet and doesn't overheat even when I'm watching movies on Netflix. I can type away at the computer while my 11 month old is sound asleep next to me in bed and he doesn't stir and wake and he's a really light sleeper.- Crisps and clean look: Not only is the outside beautiful but inside is smooth feeling and the screen looks clear and bright and clean.- Trackpad is unbelievable: I have always had Dells and Toshiba laptops and not that they're are bad, they great, but I have never had a trackpad like the one on the mac. There's no need to even get a mouse because you can do everything with the swipe or click of a finger. It's smart technology reads how many fingers are on it and what action to do because of it. It's smooth and very comfortable.- Fast Response: The mac itself is super fast when carrying out functions. I live in a very wooded, country area and the wifi out here is very finiky and goes in and out sometimes but my mac still uploads my windows fast, starts up my apps right away, and loads videos and movies quickly and well.- Cool Features: The backlit keyboard and definitely a plus, especially if you're one of those people who spend a lot of time on their computer at night. Everything is customizable; you can personalize your mac to the extreme and adjust everything on it.Some of the more difficult things about the mac:- Trackpad: Is amazing and wonderful but if you're new to the mac world then it is definitely something you have to get used too and know that you have to go to your settings to check things like "one touch click" or "two finger right click" to be able to do them on your trackpad because sometimes they are not checked since everything is optional and if their not you can't do them.- Learning your mac: Anytime you have any free time or just feel like playing around with your mac then I would definitely advise it. The faster you learn where everything is and how to get to things and where they go the more comfortable you'll feel with your computer. At first it would take me practically 20 minutes to figure out how to get to things and where to find everything and where everything goes when I download it and whatnot. Anytime down time I had I just fooled around with my mac to familiarize myself with it. It's fun to explore and find out cool things you can do with your new mac.Overall I was hesitant to drop over a grand on a laptop especially because I'm not a computer wiz and just wanted a good laptop for school that wouldn't die on me and last the next coming years while I'm in school. Now that I have it I love it and know that it was worth every penny.
A18V2UV5KMFDJL->I had trouble with the original product, got it exchanged - problems with static and audio issues again and then finally got a 3rd replacement which was ok. Glad I bought it off Amazon and not directly from Apple - better price, no tax, and replacement was a breeze.Not too happy with the Macbook itself - This is my second Mac and not as good as my 1st one. It can't process quickly enough, battery gets drained out quicker (plus the unibody is a pain), and hangs pretty often.Guess Appleis concentrating on advancing technologies for the iphones and iPads...not so much the macbooks.
AP0S8FZLYI2Z4->It crashed for no real reason just two months past the warranty!!!!! Will never buy another apple laptop in this lifetime especially because it was over $1000 and one would expect it to last longer than that... My Gateway ($600) is about 5yrs old and is still going strong...
A2SH1YK3CY58BA->I am really satified with the PC. MacPro 13.3 is fast, very portable, runs smoothly. It has neither frozen nor crashed for a seconds since it was purchased more than a month ago.
A3HJA1H2OT48FR->Having received an iPad 2 for my birthday in September, and feeling that the world was going to end if I didn't update my 3 year old Windows laptop, I decided to give the Mac a try. I am definitely not tech savvy but can pick up things fairly quickly despite my advancing years, however I have to say that initially I had my reservations and seriously felt I had made a mistake. I stuck with it however and have gradually come to enjoy the machine.The most outstanding feature in my mind is the Trackpad that everyone pretty much swoons about. It is amazing. When one gets used to the gestures and ability to click anywhere on the pad with either one finger or two, it just comes to life. Having more money, or rather, more credit, than sense, I married the Mac to both the Apple BT keyboard and trackpad, which makes my office setup both ergonomic and fun.I am still plodding away learning Lion OS which is a departure from Windows 7 and I have to say I do not find it that intuitive, however it is slowly making more sense to me.I decided to upgrade my RAM which, according to Crucial Memory, the Pro will in fact support 16GB as opposed to the 8GB proclaimed by Apple and look forward to installing it today and seeing whether it speeds up my machine. I have to say I am not a heavy multi-tasker with computers or life in general, but it will be interesting to see any changes.Another small frustration in getting to know the mac, and an indicator to my poor pre purchase research, is that some software designed for the mac is different that it's Windows counterparts. Not a huge thing however I enjoyed some aspects of Quicken for Windows not available on the mac version. Hence the wallet opened again and after installing Parallels for Mac and a new copy of Windows 7, I now have the ability to run Windows products seamlessly with my Mac OS all the while continuing to delight in the benefits of the touchpad on the Mac giving me the best of both worlds.All in all I am very happy with the machine and do not regret the purchase. Speed wise it seems good enough for all that I need as I am not a gamer, huge multi-tasker or graphic heavy user. The experience does continue and whereas I was very happy with Windows 7 and Microsoft in general, I am starting to lean more towards Apple. Only time will tell.......Small addendum:Upon upgrading the RAM two things came to light as suggestions. Firstly, invest in a correctly sized mini "phillips style" screwdriver with a good sized handle. The 10 or so screws are fairly securely fastened requiring a moderate amount of torque to get them going. A slightly larger than optimum screw head could easily strip the screw making removal of the back plate a major bug bear.Secondly, if you are, like me, upgrading to different capacity memory sticks, put the larger of the banks in the bottom memory bay. I initially installed my new 8GB module in the top bay, leaving the original 2GB module in the bottom bay. Unfortunately the Mac did not recognize the new module and maintained the original 2GB, 2GB configuration. After a brief review of the Crucial website, I found the suggestion to try and reverse the order of the modules which I did resulting in the Mac recognizing all 10GB when "About this Mac" was consulted.
A1SM9PJ4NQNE2R->I love my new computer, I've never bought mac before i've always owned pc's. I wanted something different so I bought this laptop. I love the look of it, and its way lighter than the hp laptop that I already own. The shipping was great, and so far i love my mac laptop :)
AG2PLFEFYC269->I am inlove with APPLE. i actually turned it into a tv and it simply cant be anymore perfect. See for yourself! its awesome! Click on the link below![...]
A2HXIWNG8VDD9I->The product it's excellent, all Mac product are very fine products. I haven't any word for describe this product, only that i can say it's very good product. I recommend highly for all kind of person.
A2NA5E58K88FJL->Everything is going good so far except for the image doesn't show up as HD when I video chat with my sis. I am going to call the tech support. And it doesn't come with the install dvd or the application dvd.
A1L8FLKEVMXV6G->Probably the best computer I will ever haveIt's fast and runs perfectShipping was very fast and computer quality was great..Wanted to upgrade to OSX 10.8.3 but I read to many negative reviews ill just wait for a more stable releaseSo far 10.7.5 is running greatWill recommend to other ppl I know
A2LGRHKLEBL7YD->I had used Windows based laptops and notebooks (Toshiba, Acer) for the last 5 years and I can't see myself going back for anything. This computer is FAST. It is stylish. It's not cheap, but it's durable. When you think of the fact that the first graphing calculators were as expensive as a MacBook Pro (and that during a time when money was worth a lot more) it's not hard to believe that this is worth it.
A30EDU3FZKAWR1->It's everything I expected it to be.  Easy to use.  Easy to set up.  Lightweight, compared to my old one.
AQSQF8NYI3661->This is a  nice and fast  laptop recommend this to everyone in the world.it is better than Sony .samsung  ,  hp, asus ,acer and anything ,lots. Of  space and boots up quick I don't know  if  any other laptop has what it takes to challenge apple .
AFHP36PJTAWTA->As the title says this was a good buy. I'm glad I bought this. The price isn't too bad considering it's a Mac. It's a quick little machine and so far runs great.
A39LR8ZSV9RD15->Simply awful. Not MacBook Pros - they're something just this side of magical. I've had a dozen Macs and would never even think of buying anything else. But this "like new" computer arrived in flimsy packaging that was totally inadequate for it, mangled almost beyond recognition, missing a system disc and needing repair. Pony up the extra two hundred bucks and buy one new from an Apple Store or an authorized reseller. You won't regret it. This guy probably works out of a tool shed in his back yard.
A2OBJ7139SL29U->This is my second mac.  I bought the first one for the wife because I had to reload it all of the time.  After having her iMac around it grew on me.  I still do a lot of windows Admin work and have not missed anything.  OSX Lion does right button clicks.  I am using vmware fusion.  This setup rocks!  I can have all of my windows app and sql server tools.  I have multiple VMs running at the same time with 16GB of ram on my Macbook pro.  I am also using visual studio on it with fusion.  I also replaced the drive with a 220 SSD drive.  Paid 1199.00 plus tax, best investment.  Getting a lot more stuff done.
A316Q6AH8QY5D3->I LOVE my New MacBook Pro. It is taking a little getting used to having come from the PC world. Its a whole new animal altogether. The thing is, I'm getting used to it very quickly, and falling in Love all over again. The way that the Mac is so user friendly and kinda shortcuts most everyday computer operations. Streamlining the whole personal computer process. Not only that, it RUUUNZZ!!! I mean it runs like an Olympic Champ. It is so smooth and so fast regarding all operations. I will NEVER own anything other than a Mac again if I can at all help it.
AJFMO1NOXRTO8->I hope to be the first of many MAC. Spectacular. Neither compares to a PC, simply beautiful.At the touch, the aluminum appears velvet. Battery lasts longer than 4 hours. Although more expensive, is much faster than a PC in the same configuration.
A37E5HLV23R0QU->This is crap. A piece of crap. From day one it connects to the internet for a few minutes or sometimes not at all. I went to the Apple Store and of course they told me it was probably my modem and not the mac. I changed the modem and have the same problem. I tried at a different location and the same thing happens. Of course, because it is the mac and not the modem. After insisting at the apple store they said that they were noticing a problem but instead of exchanging the piece of crap mac for a new one, they were going to re-image it. After waiting a day I picked up my piece of crap mac and still have the same problem. This will be the last purchase I make of any apple product. They are all publicity, no service and crap product.
A246Z30JQUXTXU->This computer is so easy to use ,its amazing .from the moment you open the box , the computer is ready to GO ???? Fabulous
AO6U7KI1XBR1A->I bought this laptop for college and so far, it's been great. My only complaint is that the video card can't handle some of the games i have. Otherwise, perfect for student usage.
A25OAG5ESHO4AS->VERY BAD EXPERIENCE , SO BAD THAT I HAVE TO GET A NICE ONE ON THE SAME APPLE STORE, SO NO 2ND CHANCE FOR THEM!!
A38LVH88WCUTZM->MD314LL/A vs. MD313LL/A TRAP!The 1 star is for this selling site; not for the actual computer, which shud get at least 4 stars.I went to this ad MD314LL/A to order a computer.  I clicked the 500 GB hard-drive variation & saw how u saved about $300 smackers by getting a drive 250 GB smaller. With 2 Terabyte external drives selling at $100, this was a no-brainer; get the 500 GB & save.  But what I did not notice was that the MODEL CHANGES FROM 314 TO 313 when you do that. So you apparently do not get the newest version then at all.I was shocked at home after a 313 arrived, & I noticed how it was 2.4 not 2.8 CPU.  It was also core i5 instead of i7.  So I got gipped.  Fortunately Amazon is good on returns.  I repacked it & sent it back.  Incidentally, it was amazing how fast Amazon.com was able to fulfill my order and also pick up the returned computer at once from my home.I was annoyed by an Amazon computer consultant who tried to argue with me that the 313 was indeed a "newest version," although I really can't prove which mode (313 or 314 came out first; the #'s & features suggest the 314 is the newest).If you check the reviews, notice which machine they concern.  Most of the 1 stars are about the 313, which is the one I got at first. I sent it back & got a 314.---------------CHAPTER 2.UNNATURAL SCROLLBoth the 313 & 314 seem to have the same dual finger scroll-system track pad.  However, IMO, some genius at Apple decided to make it work backwards & then call the backwards scrolling "scroll direction natural."  In System Preferences, Trackpad there is a box to uncheck if you don't want what Apple calls "scroll direction natural" (affecting both the Trackpad & any scroll wheel you use).  This scroll direction natural is to me backwards & unnatural.  At first I told Amazon that the computer was defective since I got a mess when I tried to do the 2-finger scroll in what to me is the natural direction.  It took me some time to figure out why I couldn't scroll text and get what I wanted.I sent back the 313 and got a 314.THUNDERBOLT BLUESI discovered that this computer no longer has a mini-DVI port, instead such adaptors are now to be plugged into the Thunderbolt port.  It looks like this Thunderbolt system is almost non-usable, the rest of the world going to UBS 3 ports. (There is an discontinued 30 inch apple monitor which supposedly gives extremely high resolution w/ the Thunderbolt, if you can find it & get it to work. -- nothing else I know of uses Thunderbolt, except their latest 27 inch Cinema monitor).I took my miniDVI-to-HDMI adaptor (which had been working w/ my previous 2 year old Aluminum MacBookPro7,1 laptop, attached to a 40 inch Samsung HD TV).  I plugged in the adaptor into the Thunderbolt port, but the screen on the HD TV I was going to use as monitor with the 314, WAS BLACK.  No picture.  The 314 could not detect the external monitor, an Orion Sansui TV (bought from Amazon associate).  At first I thought the Sansui was defective.I had been trying the new 314 Macbook using a miniDVD-to-DVI adaptor with a DVI-D cable, & this system works well with my old setup putting out a good picture to my Samsung TV from my older MacBook.  This set-up also works with my LG monitor.  The new Macbook detected these monitors immediately using this setup.But I had a problem trying to use this setup with an Orion Sansui TV/Monitor.Initially when I had the problem w/ the Sansui, I googled on Thunderbolt HDMI External Monitor Problem & found that there had been a big problem with the Thunderbolt port going to an HDMI monitor.  Between the 1st Sansui failure & my successful Samsung test, I updated the LION operating system.  So one may need to do that.But I finally got success using the 314 with HDMI Sansui by setting aside the old adaptor & the cable I had been using.  I bought a new cable that uses no adaptor.  This single piece adaptor cable simply plugs into mini-DVI (thunderbolt) port at one end but has an HDMI plug on the other end of the cable to insert into the Sansui.MEMORY UPGRADEThis computer will upgrade to 16 GB memory.  So I checked out the needed memory at the Crucial memory tester site.  Unfortunately, Amazon doesn't tell you which RAM chips will work with this computer (or I shud say two computers: 313 & 314).  I then ordered from NewEgg, 2 Corsair 8GB Ram chips, tho I don't like NewEgg's return policy. The Chips came; I unscrewed the case, tripped the holder lever, pulled out the ol,d chips & inserted the two 8 GB chips.  Immediately the computer worked beautifully & fast!  Corsair was cheaper than Crucial.  Be sure not to order 240 pin chips, but 204 pin chips.Here is the data on the correct chips:CORSAIR, the packet of which has "Mac" on it:DDR3, 16 GB NOTEBOOKS MEMORY, 2 X 204-pin SODIMM, 1333MHZ 9-9-9-24, 2 X 8 GB, MACMEMORY,bar code 120702413,CMSA16GX3M2A1333C9MADE IN TAIWAN,UPC 8 43591 01475 5,ROHS/PB-FREEM,Other bar code 3137120702413.The packet lists a number of "COMPATIBLE MODELS" including MD313 & MD314."Corsair . . . is a member of Mac Developer Program and tested compatibility . . . with MacBook, "MacbBook Pro and iMac in the Developer Compatibility Labs at Apple. Backed by a limited lifetime warranty."So the 1 star is for the land mine of this site, though Amazon did a great job in facilitating the return. As to the computer itself, as of now my rating is 4 1/2 stars.  If only Amazon will separate these 2 models with 2 different listings.  I am sure that this is an innocent mistake on their part.
A2A5I8YIGUEDPD->Excelent.No Problems at all.100% recommended.Apple makes very good products, so I love this machine, its fast, nice operating system.
A21FELL5WJFOSS->Was a birthday present for my best friend who is in college. Have to say the reaction was more than I expected. So I'm HAPPY!
A3DUKAO3JJHKC1->The Macbook pro arrived before the expected day which is very good. I was very pleased because the computer was sent the day after the purchase.
A3AJPXDARJO0QB->This is my second MacBook. It's very fast, a lot of storage, I love the new App Store for MacBook, bright screen, backlit keyboard is awesome. It is SO easy to get dirty though.. like it really gets on my nerves sometimes. I put my first scratch on the back, so PLEASE buy a cover for it because it is really easy to scratch.The only regret I have, is I wish I would've spend a little more and got the 15" instead.
A1TO6NRMTMCZ90->Excelente computadora, hasta ahora muy buena compra. Liviana, practica, mucho rendimiento. El envi&oacute; fue muy bueno y r&aacute;pido! Se la recomiendo a cualquier persona
A3KMSUU181RGGA->I have to say that I like this old version of the MBP better than the newer ones. The main reasons are that this one is a little thicker, so it doesn't feel flimsy, like the smallest drop could seriously damage it; I like the placement of the USB slots- everything is on one side; and lastly, the superdrive: it's there- on the newer models the superdrive has been removed, so in order to play dvds, which is one of the main reasons that I bought a laptop, you have to spend around $80 to buy an external one.
A1FO73BVU4EH36->The best computer that I have ever bought. Only thing that would make it better is if it came with iDVD!
A2K2Y6FL4HH630->I am really upset. I got my mac in September 2011. Thankfully I kept my previous Mac from 2008 that i have to use all the time. The new one 13.3 inch Macbook PRO is the worst computer in the world. It doesn't do internet.......when it does its stopping all the time, i called apple support I did everything to fix it but there is nothing that can be done. it does have error messages on the console saying the buffer allocation size is zero.Anyway, i think that Apple turned in to an evil machine that doesn't care about the us. Its the worst product and cutover service. I never had a pc I HAD oc BUT IM rethinking my mac obsession. Its really really bad
AK1MWEGO4PWTM->Packaging:Very impressed with the packaging. I was very impressed how well this thing was packaged. A well thought-out design protects the content and minimizes customer dissatisfaction.First impression:I am sure everyone who are interested to buy this product, has gone to best buy and played with it a bit. well, the new MBP right out of the box is 90% more impressive and attractive than that of the store. It is a good looking piece of machine.It came with a charger, extension cord for the charger, instruction book, screen wipe, and nothing more that I needed. I took the cord out, and started charging it. A full charging is highly recommended before use. after a few setup screens, I am up and running.Upgrade time:(Make sure you shut down your machine first)I ordered this machine with a 8GB memory upgrade (DDR3-1333) from Crucial. I did not want to pay a premium for the apple upgrade. Instead, I bought a dual channel kit separately for $39.00. I highly recommended Crucial brand as they use Samsung memory chips and for one more reason I am telling you next. I will not go through how to change the memory(a lot of youtube videos available). when I took out the existing memory out of the MBP, guess what chips they use on the memory sticks? yes, guessed it right, samsung.And I also have reasons to believe that the RAMs are OEM version of crucial memory judging by physical similarities. but, that is just my opinion, not a fact.User Experience:After the upgrade, turned on the machine and few beeps and clunks later, it started flying. I repeat, it is flying and my machine is currently running over 600 threads without any sign of slowing down. virtual box? NO PROBLEMO! this little beauty is a little beast in performance. I have installed over 50 applications, running dozens simultaneously, 10 more browser windows open, and it just happy. I can't say enough about the multi-touch gestures. No other laptop I have ever used that had such ease of switching between applications, scrolling, searching, sliding  and navigating. I have never used Mac OS before(not more than a few minutes of playing around at best buy), and I felt it was very intuitive to use and learned fairly quickly. I still don't know a lot about the OS, but it has not stopped me from doing what I need to do.What could be better:Not that I cared much, but the standard power cord is a little short. I bought a sleeve to keep it safe, and it does not allow room for the extension cord that comes with it(big and bulky).It has good speakers that play nice sounding beats. But the 15" plays them better.The outer shell is aluminium, but don't think you can't scratch it. I spent a sleepless night just cause it put a small scratch under it by accident. But, I am over it now.Advice to the people who wants to take the plunge:I felt like it was the best $1100 I spent on a laptop. I could not justify it before using it as I always thought that Mac is more style than performance and usefulness. I admit that I was wrong. This machine offers more features and performance per dollar than I thought. This is a well-built machine that would serve me longer than any other laptop ever has for me. I have half a dozen windows machines in my house including a 990X extreme desktop that I built 4 months ago. I love windows, but I have learned that I can like both (Macbook pro and PC).
A2B5W37R8V4J64->I don't know much about computer and I've never used a mac before. My old PC isn't working so I think it's time for a change. I originally wanted the fancier one of the 13 inch model but my budget is tight. So I went with the cheapest pro (the i5 processor with 500 gb HDD). I ordered it on Friday and I selected the next day shipping. I got my new mac in the early morning on Saturday! Good job, amazon! I spent a day playing with it to get familiar with the new os. And I am amazed! It's pretty, high quality, and fast. Highly recommend!
A85IHH985LZIY->I choose this version because it's chipper and very good to use. I'm very happy. I used in my work and it's very functional.
A18ZC4NAZ5L5UR->have owned a good number of macs (mostly powerbooks and MacBooks), and this is my absolute favorite.(i DID replace the HD with an SSD, and put in 8gigs of ram...thank you amazon & black friday!).great size, weight. fast (the SSD is well worth it). great aesthetic. good screen (could be better...).very-good battery life.overall, am very happy. with the customizations, this mac is literally twice as fast as my late-2008 macbook(4gigs ram, default 5400rpm drive). seriously...i tested the speeds with geekbench.
A3SNCW540B25R3->This laptop is by far the best of the market, no only for its functions but also for its look, Apple is my first choice for technology
A17AAJM98MV7ZJ->Everything was fine ... but I did not get the OS discs ... only booklet and a nice cloth ... so if I need to reboot or will have a problem how am I going to do that if you do not supply those OS discs?
A225KA89ORU9QR->Ive owned apple for over 8 years, and I've got to say that the last three computer I have bought from them have been some of the  worse computers I have owned. There quality in the last few years has really took a nose dive. Not just hardware failures, but every operating system has become more bogged down, slow, and so unresponsive. I remember back when I would upgrade to a newer OS with my computer it would actually make it run better. Back in the tiger and panther days. Not just are they double the price of a windows computer, but they seem to have more and more acclimating issues. I won't be purchasing a new computer from apple in the future.
A1VUSWRVN8SJA8->Purchased this item from Amazon 6 months ago. Its had 3 warranty related hardware problems. I'd like to personally thank Tim Cook and his brilliant Supply Chain Management skills for the defective components. I brought the computer into the Apple Millenia Store in Orlando, Fl. for evaluation and repair by the Not-So-Genius Amnesiac Bar on December 31, 2011. Two weeks later the computer is still sitting there. Nobody has a status on anything. The computer was possibly hacked and compromised while in Apple's possession.The Apple Store is impossible to communicate with, they seem to refuse to communicate with the BBB as well, where I've filed a complaint. Its like the Chris Nolan movie Memento where the main character completely loses his memory every 15 minutes. At the Apple Store it's every 10 nanoseconds.All in all, a terrible experience. If Windows 8 is even 70% as good as it looks, this Lemon will be in the trash where it belongs. Either way, I will never buy another Apple product again.
A1PK3OK1VZMDFP->Still learning the new operating system coming from a lifetime of PC (and having a blast doing so).  The first thing you notice is just the elegance of the device.  Apple ensures you feel like you are holding onto a precious metal (aluminum in this case). Looking forward to learning the device and pairing it with my iphone and ipad2.  No regrets, even if it was over a grand!
AHLJOJ2AABITU->Ive always been a user of PC's but not anymore. As soon as I opened it I knew that I would never go back to buying a PC. The Macbook Pro is a powerful piece of engineering. Its so simple to use aswell. The programs and internet open fast and clean with no glitches. I really like using iMovie and garage band. It syncs with my iPad 2 & iPhone 4S with no problem. The migrating assistant was very easy to use when transfering my photos and music from my PC to the MacBook. I really recomend this laptop. Apple has really set the bar high with this piece of machinery. It has more than enough memory and hard drive space for me.
A3873S2HKR1SZ0->Expectations are always high when you purchase a Mac product.  Aside from the greater flexibility that comes with the microsoft software, this is a great computer and fully met expectations.
A1YRD5XZIVF5Q6->I like this Macbook pro, which is for my girl friend. Safe metal case, good OS, beautiful design. By the way, I bought when it was $1050.  I am pretty satisfied about its price and quality. It's worthy.
A1HBH8YUL7QVBP->Beautiful, sturdy, powerful, light, great battery.You don't have to love, or even like, Apple to see that this is one of the nicest laptops ever made.As a tool to work or entertain yourself we've yet to see a computer balance powerand portability as well as the MBP does.
A1TGXM4QDV7I7G->I bought my MacBook Pro three days ago online. Based on my experience with getting my computer set up and running, the OS Lion is a HUGE quagmire that would take a die-hard Apple cult member to figure out. After 4 and a half hours of battling with mandatory "VoiceOver" training to get through the initial set up process, I finally gave up and had to make an appointment with the Apple Store to help me. There is no way shown to bypass it, unless you are already versed in VoiceOver. To make matters worse, there are NO diagrams or tutorials to guide novice users through the set-up process mess. A simple step-by-step user guide would have been very helpful indeed.Apple used to be a user-friendly computer, much easier to use and more reliable than a PC. An 8 year-old should be able to take it out of the box and start it up. My first Apple literally took me less than ten minutes to set up and go online. Why oh why did the brain geniuses at Apple decide that their VoiceOver was the way to go with their machines? You have to have some cultish Knowledge in Alchemy.We shall see if this computer is worth the frustration and anguish after I drive the hour distance to the nearest Apple Store. If I have any more trouble with it, it's going into the box and back to Apple. My advice is that if you are not a hard-core Apple MacBook user or faint of heart, you may wish to wait until they get the set-up problems with VoiceOver worked out. In other words, DON'T BOTHER BUYING THIS PRODUCT!
AH0XGHLBS9G39->I switched from a PC to a Mac a year and a half ago and to be honest it's not worth the price difference. Macs have a better operating system but seem deficient everywhere else. The built-in wireless antenna is worse and, unlike PCs, you can't buy an external one. They also overcharge you for every adapter ($28 for an external display that doesn't even fit properly). My real complaint, however, is the design. There are only two USB ports on the laptop and although you can add external hubs, you will reach a point where the laptop fails to read them all at once (keep in mind if you own an iphone, you will be down to just one). The head scratching element to this is that they are side by side! Half of the usb plugs won't fit without blocking the other plug or using a hub to begin with. Can't imagine with all the people at Mac who went into determining this design, there wasn't one person who caught this.
A3GDZ6BSQ69WHF->I am not a big fan of Apple products and definitely not favorable to its business model, but I do recognize a great product when I see one. This notebook and the OS are just a great choice.
AGCMNPGO7NE0->I love this laptop! Seriously best purchase for school and all of my other uses. I would recommend this laptop to everyone, it's the best. I have used a lot of different PC laptops, and they just didn't cut it. I was a VAIO user for a while, and I feel like I wasted so much money after using my new Mac!!
ALG4MGOY96EW1->I recently made the switch from PC to Mac, and I can say that I'm not sure why I waited so long.  Considering that I have only had my computer a few weeks I can't say much about the durability and longevity of the hardware, but I can say that the operating system (mine shipped with Lion) and software is top notch.I labored for a long time trying to decide whether the 13" MacBook Pro (MBP) or MacBook Air was the right choice for me.  I liked the form factor, screen resolution and weight of the Air, but couldn't get comfortable with the comparatively small hard drive and the RAM fixed at 4GB.  Considering these factors along with the significant price premium for an Air, I decided that the MBP was right for me.I also thought long and hard about whether to go with the base model with the 2.4Ghz i5 processor and 500 GB HDD or the 2.8Ghz i7 processor with the 750GB HDD.  after looking at reviews and benchmark tests I decided that for my uses, the less expensive model would be perfect and that the incremental added performance of the more expensive model is not worth the additional cost.  When large solid state drives become more affordable I will probably switch my HDD out, but until then 500GB should provide plenty of storage.I opted to get my computer locally, but purchased theCrucial 8GB Kit (4GBx2), 204-pin SODIMM, DDR3 PC3-10600 Memory Module (CT2KIT51264BC1339)from Amazon for a great price.  Once I got my computer home I installed the RAM in 10 minutes, start to finish.  If you are planning this upgrade just be sure that you have the right Phillips head screwdriver.After using this computer for the past few weeks and carrying it on weekly business trips I am very pleased with my choice of computers.  It handles the Microsoft office suite flawlessly, and the added ram allows me to open and view very large pdf files without any lag.  I have done minor video and photo editing on this computer and it performed very well.  The added weight compared to theAir hasn't proven to be too noticeable, but I am a big guy at 6'4" and 210 pounds.So far I am pleased with this computer and my Mac experience overall.  The process of learning a new OS and overall user interface was daunting at first, but Apple has done a great job creating a system that is intuitive and easy to learn.I would recommend this computer to anyone looking for a new laptop that they expect to have for awhile and would like to be able to customize to fit their needs.UPDATE 5/29/12: I have been using my MBP for six months now and couldn't be happier with it.  I may have been lucky enough to get a great unit, but during the time that I have owned my MBP I have NEVER needed to contact technical support.  I use my Mac for my primary business computer every day and have traveled extensively with it.Aside from its performance and reliability the feature that I like most about my Mac is the multi-touch trackpad.  By using gestures on the trackpad I can be very efficient, and I'm not sure that I will ever be able to go back to a regular mouse or trackball.One addition that I made was to get the Mini DisplayPort to DVI Adapter MB570Z/A to attach a second monitor when I'm at the office.  This allows me to use both my MBP monitor and an external, which provides me with much more area when using Excel or other programs and also allows me to keep my mailbox visible when working on other things.Considering how pleased I am with my Mac, I have a feeling that I will be buying a lot more Apple products in the future.
A7OXG5G0CVN84->Apple MacBook Pro 13.3 (New Version)13-inch: 2.9 GHz2.9GHz dual-core Intel Core i7Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz8GB 1600MHz memory750GB 5400-rpm hard drive1Intel HD Graphics 4000A++++Highly recommended.....
A3GEJDQ8U911SY->My daughter was very happy with her graduation gift.  She has grown up with Apple computers all through high school.  Being a PC guy I had a really hard time buying an Apple but I must admit its a pretty nice machine.  It would take some getting used to.  I was impressed that Amazon had the same price as the Apple Store using the schools discount.
A3C8QBN05VMEJG->Actually i have been very much happy with the product but its the service that makes me feel am cheatedCouple of months back i had to visit the apple service centre due to some problem in my macbook but they said my serial number is not recognised by appleso they asked me to get the bill now i dont have a bill which has my mbp's serial number printed on it,Amazon am looking for a solution for this hope someoneis listening,Please look for the other buyers people
A3IB92ACL9LLJ3->From the moment you open the 'briefcase' style box, layered with a felt like material, you know you have a product of sheer quality, and this is certainly not a misconception.before i got my macbook, i was a committed Windows user, and now i couldn't begin to think of going back to Windows full time. everything about the mac book seems much more logical and intuitive.People are often put off by having to learn another operating system, however the mac is so cleverly designed that from the moment you turn it on you know what to do.. you can explore the computer yourself and the whole time small messages will pop up helping you along the way, and you will look back to how you learnt it and only remember it being simple.you can spent 600 pounds on a good PC and in about 4 years it will feel prehistoric and incredibly slow, the macbook does not have this problem, mine has never dipped in speed once and still impresses me on every use.If the laptop has one fault it is that it gets quite hot, probably due to the metal casing, but this is not a significant problem.I would recommend this to anyone, and if you look around you in this day and age, you can see an 'Apple revolution' is upon us, so maybe now is the time to switch.
A2N33PJ33AY5Q4->I bought this MacBook pro i5 version and had problem with it after just a one week.The device was really good and I was thrill and happy to have it but after just one week, after I put some apps specially Aperture it became lagging and colored cycle shows most of the time . The worst thing I had with this is the tracking pad , it stucked and stop responded just the week after. I had to return it back.
A37MCX0JHQ7YJM->I was a PC user before this but I am now a mac girl.  I love this computer.  Hopefully it will continue to give me years of wonderful use.
A2IS1C6XSNL002->For christmas my boyfriend bought me a Mac pro 13.  After going through several HP computers that keep needing the hard drive replaced about once a year we got tired of spending $700 for crap computers.  While I didn't like spending the money for a Mac you have consider the peace of mind you get.  Having my desktop hacked recently and not being able to turn it on it only drove home the fact that you get what you pay for. I love my Mac it is so easy to use I never have a problem with it no more freezing, losing my stuff or having issues period.  I also got my son an iPad to replace his NetBoot which got hacked as well.  My family is now and forever a apple user.  I'm working on getting a Mac desk top for my business although my Mac book pro works great for my business as well. My only complaint is there is no one note for Mac I depend heavily on it to "print" thing off internet without killing trees and as of yet haven't found a program I like as much. To protect my investment in got a speck matte cover which has already saved my Mac from scratches and silicone keyboard cover which I love. I never considered these items with my pc bc I thought they would give out so fast it wouldn't be worth it. Now that I have a com outer that will last for years it's worth it. When I was researching macs I found people saying there 2006 macs still worked fine they just wanted an updated one. That one statement won me over I haven't had a pc work for more than a year much less since 06 says a lot about apple. We have iPhones, iPads, and MacBook  looking to get iMac and mini Mac soon!
A38ET9HE934EDO->It didn't come with installation CDs! I want them! They are supposed to be with it!!!!!!! They aren't sold separately! Very disappointed!
A3PNMLNK2NN22V->The best in personal computing. It is the perfect combination of elegance in design and computing power. It is the best.
AGTTRTPOTGGTI->This product is amazing and it is really a wonderful experience to use this im going into high school and im a tech kid and i do a lot of movie editing so this laptop was right for me i love this laptop i recommend this to anyone looking for nice size laptop for some editing surfing the web and games i love this macbook pro
ADHFXM94IANIJ->This is a great little machine (and back up for my 21" iMac).  The screen is really an amazing thing to see, and the trackpad convinced me to buy the stand-alone track pad for my iMac.  The backlit keyboard is something all machines should have!I'm very pleased with this purchase, and glad I made it on Cyber Monday, when the price was lower.
A30JYV26H1G2JW->I recently made the PC - Mac switch, as my PC became more and more useless in my college career as a Music Education major. I've only had this computer for a couple of weeks, but I already love it! It works very well for exactly what I need it to, and has a much better battery life than my PC did despite having a similar amount of power. I would recommend this computer to anyone looking to purchase a new machine!
APS43X0I2CLLB->Have had this Macbook for over a year now and I adore it. It still works perfectly and I haven't had any problems with it (the same cannot be said for my previous Windows laptop, I fought with that thing from the very beginning). I know people complain about Apple and they can be a pain at times, but I seriously adore this Mac. I won't be going back to Windows, at least not in my personal life. I have to use Windows for work.
A3REDNQSOZN4QW->Como buen aparato hecho por apple esta muy bien hecho.Es muy fiable y comido de usar. La velocidad y configuraci&oacute;n es muy buena.
A1I165I8029TOQ->Well it's a Mac and it wasn't cheap. Got it as a gift for my now ex. Great fit and finish. Great support. Get what you pay for.
A4K4DDPR3FGPK->The good old apple product. You can never get it wrong with apple. This is one of them. I got it more than right.
A3GJMGJV68EYCS->I bought this at Thanksgiving. To to now, this mac works so-so. Two problems:shaky because the one pedestal is not at the same level with the other three; intermittent discharging--my hands feel a numbing sensation. I am now temporarily abroad and wondering if I can exchange for a new one when I come back in Fed.
A2EQB88AHPZQTV->The apple  was the best price anywhere. It arrived on time and packaged well. It is a new experience but easy to learn. Phone help is $100.  We read the book and understand the computer without help. When we needed to print the apple located the Epson workforce 445. I learned to scan to the apple after we put the Epson disc in. It was a fast process. slow scanning but that is the Epson. It cost more but it is living up to our expectation.
A33ILKIALQ6PDW->This laptop is amazing. The resolution is incredible. It is fast and easy to use. All my life I was a PC user and it was not hard at all to change to this new system.
A1C129YG9P2XIN->Awesome laptop. Of course its a macbook. Can't expect less in terms of build quality. After popping in a 256gb solid state drive and bootcamping windows 8 pro on it, every action is so smooth and fast. Like I said AWESOME!
A3QODLNBW57ER4->To be honest, I was a little skeptical getting a &#34;like new&#34; macbook for $850, but it completely exceeded my expectations. The computer works perfectly (I'm on it now), with only one barely visible scratch, which I only found by searching my computer for any imperfections just because it seemed too good to be true. And for $300 less than even the book store's minimum price? Couldn't be happier. Thanks EZCorp!
A2AXME07F3N0QJ->The product has quality surpassing other laptops I have had.  I had a problem setting it up because of the voiceover program, or whatever it was because it always took me back to where I had started and I was not able to proceed.  It needs some directions for the 1st time user.  I had to ask others who have used macs.The speed of the product is far better than any laptop I have ever used.  The keyboard is also much better.  I don't make so many mistakes typing.
A3IG4NTLIBCWAI->I honestly don't see why anyone would pay $1,000+ for this. The hardware alone is not worth that and the OS is incapable most complex tasks. Do yourself a favor: buy a computer with this same hardware, but with Windows to save yourself a LOT of money, then download and install Ubuntu 12.04 onto it. You will have the same hardware capabilities, but with one of the finest operating systems out there. And don't even try to defend yourself with "Mac is immune to viruses," because it's not; Apple just ignores customers while they try to fix issues, then they treat the whole thing like it never happened. Linux on the other hand has maintained total immunity for 30+ years.  Oh, and every Linux OS and most of the software on them is completely free.Make the right decision and switch to Linux.
A30TDAXBXVURZB->I've used this laptop for my main machine for almost my entire graduate school career.  It has enough computing power to run statistical software smoothly and play graphics intensive computer games.  The new OS X Lion operating system is just as user friendly as any of the previous desktop environments and the new features make establishing a workflow a breeze.
A2ES2HWYV7TT6H->I've been using this computer for the past 4 months, and it is simply amazing. I've yet to have any freezes, the speed has stayed at a steady pace, and the user experience is astounding. Battery life is also an amazing factor.
A39TLK86OSTGSK->No complaints.  I bought this computer to help with video / photo editing.  I am a life long PC customer so it took some time to learn the operating system, but I have not looked back.  Battery life is fantastic.  I upgraded the RAM to 8GB and it flies!  Don't buy RAM from Apple.  Get it at BEST BUY.  I got it on sale for $25.
A1OTC8P4CIMEAF->I went Mac and I am not going back! This little unit packs a punch. Its sleek, classy and powerful. It's fast and small and easily portable and I love it. Having used PC all my life it took me awhile to adjust but now I love it.
A29WW9T6PYL9EN->Consistent with previous macs owned; great speed, clarity and ease of use in addition to a great battery life.  Have not been able to explore in full detail yet, but no complaints at the moment
A29ZAD72PTL0BD->The 12&#34; Powerbook G4 was my workhorse for 7+ years and I was ecstatic when Apple finally released a 13&#34; Pro. I have had ZERO issues with this model in over two years. (I even had to send the PBG4 back to Apple twice for a hard drive and once for an optical drive). I absolutely LOVE this machine.  Have been a Mac user since 1985 and was also a Mac Genius.  This machine is perfect in every way.
A36R23JIPPJ9Q->I agree this is a solid product. I am a lifelong pc user and am very impressed. I work in the computer field and wanted to become more familiar with the mac os and the machine itself. What I do find odd are that so many of these posts are anti-pc.. It makes me question their validity as they sound a little contrived. So far I am happy with mine but no happier than I was when I bought my Asus laptop with better specs for $700 Let's put down our lattes and take off the berets and be honest here people.
AQ9GW6K3UW85R->A Mac is simply a "mac" none other can compare. --I know that now. I am a longer time, dedicated windows user for over 18 years, and I thought I would never, ever change. I went into the Apple store on many occasions just to try the MacBook Pro out. The MacBook Pro is AMAZING, no virus', and the OS is seamless. I am running "parallels desktop" (windows 7) along with (8GB of RAM, and upgrade) with it. I have the best of both worlds and I love it!!!! I don't think i'll ever need another computer again, --I love all the apps, "iPhoto, iMovies and theres so much more! A real nice buy! --Buy the (8GB of Ram separately, its cheaper and easy to self install!
AKMU0FJVM70BT->I love this laptop.  Since I started using it, it makes my Windows based work laptop seem outdated and cumbersome.
AJCU21SXDV7WO->I switched to the 13" MacBook Pro from a 15" Toshiba Satellite. My Toshiba was only 15 months old but it seemed a lot older - it was very loud (fans and other noises), very heavy, and very fragile. I purchased the refurbished MacBook straight from Apple and it came to my door 2 days later in NEW condition. Start ups are faster, the shortcuts are amazing, the customization (and ease of customization) is amazing. The learning curve is present, but give yourself a week with Mac OS X and you'll forget Windows even exists.There really is nothing bad to say about the machine but I do have one complaint and it's not really about the computer itself, its about iWork. I downloaded the free trials of iWork and Microsoft Office to test out the compatibility of iWork to Office and I was less than impressed. Pages documents would translate to Word and sometimes do funky things with my formatting.All in all I give this machine a 10 out of 10. I am a grad student and use the MacBook mainly for school (papers, research, email, and the like). I will probably never go back to Windows. I encourage you to at least head to BestBuy or an Apple store and try this amazing machine out.One more thing. I would recommend just buying the base 4GB memory version and then upgrading the RAM later on your own. I upgraded my MacBook to 8GB of RAM with the Crucial kit that I purchased through Amazon. It literally took 7 minutes to install. Super easy and it only cost about $45 (compared to Apples (I think) $200 upgrade option).
A1RD04WOMYPA6C->This was my first Mac, and I don't know why it took me so long to get one.  It has changed the way I work, and I don't think I will ever g back to a windows-based system.
A2S9M3F1Z2XIQG->This laptop is awesome but you should know that Apple gives the rights to software such as iLife to the original owner and the Apple ID of any owners after, will not be able to easily access and update those apps.  When I purchased this puter the original owner was able to use a remote access program to reinstall those apps with his Apple ID, so I could use it, but I will not be able to receive future updates.  The Mac App store wouldn't even let me purchase iLife Apps, due to the previous owner already installing those apps for my puters particular s/n.
ARSCOY8WS12A5->This is the first MAC I've ever purchased, and it lives up to its popularity. Very user friendly for even the most computer challenged.
A1SD93P9Y1K6KU->Love my laptop! &#34;Refurbished&#34; but definitely seems no less than brand new. You can't really go wrong with a Mac, but maybe I could've found a better price if I looked longer. Either way I've had no issues for 6 months and I'm happy!
ANXOG8IN2FMOD->Okay, I'm the first to admit that I'm not a computer person. I barely know anything about technology-only that I need it to survive. I had a Macbook for a couple of years that I bought from a friend and needed an upgrade. As this was the cheapest option available, I figured I'd go for it.And I'm so glad I did. It is incredibly user friendly. At the setup it asked if I had another Mac I wanted to use to load documents, etc, from and it gave me an option for methods of doing so. I ended up using my external hard drive for it. The computer remembered everything the way I had it on my other system-right down to the last detail. Setting it up took almost no time. I got the 500gb with 4gb of RAM and it runs so well. I am going to be upgrading it to 8g just because I want it to be even faster but from what I can tell it doesn't need it.The picture quality is incredible, I love that the keyboard is backlit, and the touchpad is so streamlined it actually makes it easier to use. I highly recommend this product whether you are a first time Mac user or a Mac lover from way back in the day. You won't be disappointed.*Note* I bought this product on Black Friday and received it two days ahead of schedule. Good job, Amazon. Excellent work.
AP6T1DILQ3DFL->I purchased this macbook about 2 or so weeks ago and it arrived a few hours ago. At first I thought it was broken because it wouldnt turn on but that ended up being a mistake on my end(it wasnt charged).I got this for my mom for christmas because she's been needing to keep in contact with my brother. I honestly love this thing, i might even buy one for myself. Thank you so much. Excellent excellent excellent product, i would recommend this to everyone.
A9QME3R6TL79E->I was a little nervous about getting a rebfurbished Macbook but everything worked out just fine. Its in great condition and is like new but with a great price. I would definitely recommend ordering from Mac Warehouse.
AP1L1TQJ0ALLN->Well I've been using PC's since I've been a kid and in all the time I've owned computers I've never owned a mac and i was a little skeptical when i was buying this machine but now that i have it, I'm so glad that i did because this machine has got everything a pc has and more! its faster than pc and it runs smoother than pc! and the display on this is breath taking its the best display I've ever seen! I'm never going back to pc this machine is amazing!
A1X6J29AMTYMRY->I waited a month before writing this review to make sure my initial impression would hold up & it did.MacBook Pro's -1. Track Pad (Fantastic!)2. No Trial Software (everything installed is fully functional - no more nag screens)3. Battery Life (I get around 5 or 6 hours on a charge)4. Incremental Backups with Time Machine (You can use almost any external HD instead Apple's expensive Time Capsule)5. Support is Awesome (Nuff said)6. It's Just Plain Sexy (No more Windows bricks for me...)MacBook Con's -1. No HDMI out2. USB Ports too close together3. Steve Jobs is DeadIf you're a long time Windows user; ask yourself if this story sounds familiar?You've got a girlfriend/boyfriend who annoys you on a daily basis, but you stick with her/him year after year because you don't want to spend the time learning the ins & outs of a new one?Then one day, a sleek, sexy chick/dude catches your eye & you start hanging out with her/him & pretty soon you're kicking that old broad/bum out on the street.That's me & Microsoft.I started; decades ago, as a DOS user with an 8088 machine & continued all the way up to Windows 7.I've got a new girlfriend now & she blows the old one away.The old one just blows.
A19INCNUNAI8JV->As a designer, I've been meaning to go Mac for a long time, and I'm so glad I did it. The Macbook Pro is as capable and user-friendly as it is beautiful. No regrets!
A2JCRQEGS5M72->I am normally the kiss of death for laptops but this thing just keeps on ticking.  I bought Apple care but didn't need it.  I will never buy anything but a Mac from now on.
A1IDCIERNHUCV3->Recently purchased my second MacBook Pro 13.3, with aluminum case. It feels substantial, operated beautifully out of the box. Super easy internet setup, up and running in only a few minutes. Recognized my new wireless HP printer immediately with no need to update drivers or software. This was the easiest and quickest setup I've ever made; everything completed in less than 1 hour. Keyboard is very adequately sized for a laptop. I do like the older style trackpad on Powerbooks or iBooks better than the new trackpad on the MacBook Pro's as I often right click on items, but may just invest in a wireless mouse. Other than my preference for the older style trackpad, I'm very happy with my purchase.I'm a little disappointed with battery life; I'm not getting any more than 5 hrs. use even with minimal programs running; with video or a more intensive program the battery life is more like 2-3 hours. This is typical of the older laptops but I had hoped Apple would install a more powerful battery in their newer laptops.All in all this laptop is superior to any Windows PC's I have used, and I love how well all the programs work together seamlessly and effortlessly. It promises to be a very reliable, dependable, and long lasting product.
AXD2KLZCEPA1S->i cant believe ive never purchased an apple computer before .. im officially a mac lover, i still love pc but i just love the simplicity of this os.i was a little skeptical about the price, i just kept thinking to myself is this computer really worth the price ... i could literally buy two PC's for the price of the base line model macbook pro. BUT i bought the macbook pro 13 inch and I AM GLAD I DID. i just love it and i've only had it for 2 hours lol as im writing this review. I also purchased 8 gb ram for it already, and this computer is just running flawlessly running adobe programs and final cut pro
A2Y81FOO200PSB->This is an addition to my other mac that include another 13 MBP. This one is just as amazing. Fast responsive, sleek what can I say just one of the best machines out there.
A2GFJMWXTKTAPA->Just bought my MacBook Pro last week. I love it. It's very fast and everything I expected. Apple makes great products. i only switched to Mac products a few years ago and it was well worth doing. I recommend this MacBook if your on a budget. I think it is well worth the price and is around $62 cheaper than buying it from an Apple store or their online store.
A3Q29NCVRA22JQ->I have been using pcs my whole life and i know macs are more expensive than pcs but this machine worth it, i used to have an hp tx2z before and the mother board fried now i know why the pc stands for... piece of crap lol i love my new macbook pro and the os is so clean and easy to use in just one day i could use it very well i really like the win7 but lion is so much better i hope this review can be useful to somebody.
A2EBP0K493YGIL->Hi guys,I 've just received my macbook today and I was wondering if you found a printed receipt from AMAZON inside the box.Mine came without any receipt or order information, although everything was well-packaged.
A2JZY5POMJADL1->The screen is perfect... I love this Mac because is perfect for my work as a producer and musician.... The quality is incredible...
A2HDKG2O9OVQR3->Out of the last 6 apple products I have owned, only one has not had major issues within a year's time.  This laptop was no exception either.  $1200 for a laptop?  I expect at least 2 years worth of no issues.  However, as usual with Apple products...right after the warranty is up, things start going bad.  I've had to replace our power adapter 6 times now, and yet they keep insisting it's the adapter which is going bad, not the FACT that something in the computer is shorting it out.  So, not only do you have to invest a lot of money in this thing, but plan on spending hours driving too and hanging out at the support bar in a conveniantly located apple store.  Don't even get me started on actual software use either.To sum up my experience:You will like this product if:1.  You enjoy spending a lot of money on products that are the same quality level as a Westinghouse TV2.  You enjoy being talked down to by so-called "genius" high school kids3.  You enjoy having no control over your own computer files and simple hardware replacements4.  You enjoy polluting the environment by having to drive to and from the apple store at least once a month5.  You enjoy spending countless hours trying to figure out simple procedures such as "back up"Apple is a corrupt monopoly that thinks of their own consumers as mindless idiots.  Don't fall into this trap.
A3IUJUOVWN133C->Never ever ever going back to PC....EVER! Received it super fast & this item alone has made me a huge Amazon customer for life. Great price & everything you could ask for. I really love how all of my apple products are now seamless together.
A1PKTLCB2PC4B4->I love my MacBookPro. It is fast, easy to use and no viruses. I have other laptops stacked up like cord wood. I will never go back. Keep up the good work. Thanks John
AQIFDC7UY1YCN->I have had Mac laptops since 1992 and am quite disappointed with this one. After 16 months the battery life is down to 2 hours at most, the charger has died in that time (expensive to replace) and the processor is sooooooo slow - my son's iPad is 100 times faster. This could be the last time I buy one of these.
AEJAGHLC675A7->Steve Jobs had returned to Apple, which had been a struggling company, and it was time to align it once again with world of creative users.  In 1997 an ad was run with actor Richard Dreyfuss reading the voiceover, which began with: "Here's to the Crazy Ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently." Think Different... that was the 1997 slogan and theme for Apple's comeback to the world of serious computing after the return of Steve Jobs, and perhaps it was a cynical reference to IBM's famous "Think" slogan.  Whatever it was, this was the ad campaign that restored Apple's reputation under the leadership of the late Steve Jobs.Take thisMacBook Proreview as one from a dedicated Windows PC user who made the switch awhile ago, with time enough to put it through its paces, to do side-by-side comparisons.  I've owned a Mac before, back in the day of the Macintosh SE, and though I found it to be extremely useful for desktop publishing in the days when Aldus PageMaker reigned supreme in that area, I saw things blend as Microsoft slowly got its act together, for the most part.  When it came time to upgrade back then, I stuck with the Windows PCs... until recently, when I found the need to diversify a bit.To make this easy for those who just want to get to the facts quickly, I'll list the positive and negative points that I've personally found with the MacBook Pro first, then elaborate with details a bit further on.  Please also remember that these are coming from a satisfied Windows 7 PC user, and one with multiple computers.&#9670; MacBook Pro Positives:+ Well thought-out packaging, easy out of the box setup+ Excellent build quality, unparalleled detail in workmanship+ Superb aluminum unibody chassis construction, has a good solid feel+ Sharp 13.3-Inch backlit display, first-rate 1280-by-800 Resolution+ Screen display has excellent color resolution and contrast for photos+ First class backlit keyboard, easy to use in low-light situations+ Very fast boot up even with password protection enabled+ Proven Mac OS X operating system; based on UNIX (like a server)+ Built-in SD card slot; great for transferring photos to computer+ Responsive ergonomic multi-touch trackpad; no buttons, excellent cursor control+ Well-engineered 60W power adapter with decent cable management system+ Automated incremental backups with Time Machine, works with almost any external HDD&#9670; In Between: Claimed 7 hour battery life; 5-6 hours is more like it, depending on the apps that you're running&#9670; Negatives:- No built-in HDMI or VGA output, adapters must be purchased separately- Only 2 USB 2.0 ports, and they are too close together&#9670; The Details:We each have our reasons for the computers that we own.  Mine were primarily to have a compact yet sturdy platform for word processing, accessing the Internet, and digital photo processing.  That stated, there's little to not like about this MacBook Pro.  The Intel Dual-Core Processor is fast and efficient, and even better than the Pentium Dual-Core 2.20GHz processor on my Windows 7 notebook PC.  It's one thing to see it in the store, but when one gets it home and takes it out of the well-designed box, it's apparent that this is a better grade computer than might have been anticipated.  The first thing that is noticed once it's unwrapped is the workmanship.  The unibody main enclosure, constructed from a single block of aluminum, is proof of this attention to detail and it helps add to its durability.The 13-inch backlit LCD display is sharp, and has the excellent color resolution and contrast that I need, especially when working with photos.  The glossy screen actually helps to see images with their full clarity.  Using both Adobe software apps and Nikon Capture NX 2, having clear and sharp resolution is an absolute necessity, and this MacBook Pro offers that.  The backlit keyboard is a pleasure to use, and quite functional in low-light mobile locations.  I'm also very impressed with the quick boot up, even with the password startup screen enabled, a security necessity when at some mobile locations.It's hard to fault OS X in any way.  This operating system is UNIX-based, and therein lays its strength, along with its ability to run 64-bit applications.  It works right out of the box without fiddling or tweaking.  It's far better than Mac OS 9 and its predecessors, and the security while on the `Net is reassuring.The tiny built-in SD card slot has proven itself to be good for transferring photos from the digital cameras to the computer.  I've also used it to transfer other media files and documents between computers in a pinch.  It took awhile to get used to the trackpad, with its so-called "multi-touch gestures," but once mastered it's easy to use.  Must admit that I do revert to using a mouse when using the computer at home... call it years of conditioning.This computer really shines with the inclusion of the Time Machine application, and I was happy to find that I could use a reasonable priced off-the-shelf hard drive to do automated incremental backups.  I have aToshiba 500 GB USB Portable Hard Drive, and all I did was reformat it to HFS+ Journaled file system to use the Time Machine backup software.  It works like a champ.The external 60W power adapter is well engineered and keeps my computer running cooler than PC notebooks with internal power supplies.  I appreciate the magnetic DC connector as it pops off easily if some klutz trips on the cord, necessitating a costly repair as I found out when someone did that to one of my PC notebooks.  The LED in the connector head helps: amber it's charging, green it's charged; very simple and effective.&#9670; Other Notes:The battery life being less than advertised I can live with.  I would have expected HDMI and/or VGA output to be built-ins with a computer of this quality.  But I have yet to buy the adapters.  But to have only two built-in USB 2.0 ports is irritating, and those are too close together.  Problem solved with an external 4-port ISB adapter, so that issue is closed.I have had issues with laptop carrying bags in the past, and now carry my MacBook Pro in aThinkTank Artificial Intelligence 15 V. 2.0 Laptop Bag.  I picked this one over many others from heavy experience with photo gear, and know that Think Tank makes exceptionally good pro gear.  It protects my computer from the elements quite well, holds more gear than I can explain here (I have reviewed it), and can highly recommend it to anyone who wants to protect their MacBook with the kind of case that it really deserves.Browser note: I've used the included Safari browser, but my de-facto standard remains Google Chrome.  Safari is a decent browser, but because I find it necessary to synchronize my email on the Mac, the PCs and even one older Linux-based notebook (it's a geek/support thing), Chromes just works better, and I find it faster.  Your experiences may differ, so try whichever works for you.I'm runningOffice for Mac 2011and have found its interface to be even better than Microsoft Office 2010 or 2007 on the PC.  Didn't know if the implementation of Outlook for Mac 2011 would be better than Entourage, which was buggy, but Outlook turned out to be excellent, and it's become my mainstay over the PC version.Heat is an issue that I had heard of by some, yet I have not experienced.  The heat level is better than my old HP, Compaq or Dell, and far better than my VAIO (which was very bad).  The only one that has been better heat-wise is my current ASUS notebook running Windows 7, but not by much.  Had been tempted to get a keyboard skin for general protection in the field, but heard that these interfere with the ventilation, so that idea has been tabled for the present.&#9670; Future:I may upgrade to 8GB of RAM, which has been recommended by a number of people if and when system performance issues arise.  The RAM upgrades are quite reasonable, but I'm pleasantly surprised at how well it runs with the standard 4 GB at this point.&#9670; [Updated 3/10/2014]This MacBook Pro has been in continuous use for over two years now. In the summer of 2012 I did the memory upgrade to 8GB of RAM using theCrucial 8GB (4GBx2) Kitin anticipation of the OS X 10.8 (Mountain Lion) release. Detailed notes of what I did can be found on my review of that Crucial 8GB kit, which my be helpful to first-timers. Have also been doing the OS X upgrades, usually about 2 - 3 weeks after they were released to see what bugs may have been encountered. Currently the computer is running the OS X 10.9.2 (Mavericks) update, and though I went through some hiccups with the initial OS X 10.9 release, OS X 10.9.2 has been running fine on this computer.Am using the Time Machine backup software application in conjunction with aSeagate Expansion 1TB Portable External USB 3.0 Hard Drivewhich has been partitioned; one segment is for automatic backups, and the other segment is reserved for manually saving photo, MP3 and video files. The main thing is to let the Time Machine do your backups automatically as a security measure.&#9670; In Conclusion...I could say more, but the best advice that I can offer is that if you get a MacBook Pro, regardless of which model, take it out of the box, plug it in and charge it.  After that, turn it on and see how easy it can be... the MacBook Pro just works, as you'll see.  Think Different is a reality, and this one proves it.JW &#9642; 1/30/2012; Updated 3/10/2014
A3E58HTMLEX45S->I have been a Mac user for 24 years and I needed to upgrade to a more powerful Mac with more memory. This is a great computer and some of the minor issues from previous operating systems have been improved. The back lighting makes for an amazingly bright screen, and the intuitiveness of the Mac has been enhanced. A great computer. The model I bought was the "old version", which was introduced in Oct. '11, and the only major difference from the newest version, which was introduced a little less than 2 months ago, is the verson of the Intel processor. The operating system, size of the hard drive, and amount of RAM are all the same. Highly recommended.
A3RFIW7KWCC9B3->I purchased a MacBook Pro for work since I switched to a field that requires more design. I've been incredibly happy with it so far - it's been easy to learn (after using PC for 10+ years) and makes my products look so professional. Love the battery life. Amazon shipping was fast and I was able to save a couple of hundred dollars (vs. buying it in the retail store).
A3HL090FZUAIMM->I saved up my money for months to buy this laptop to use for both school and leisure. Having done so, I can attest that it is worth every penny. Everything about it runs quickly and with great ease, and it's workmanship feels so intuitive. Setup was a breeze, and this is coming from someone who knows absolutely nothing about computers - my ignorance of computers and desire for one that would be easy to use is one of the reasons I bought this in the first place! As far as I'm concerned the money was well spent, and I can't foresee not continuing to feel that way for years to come.
AQCKG1BYYCEQ2->I switched to apple because I buy quality things. I will never go back to pc again. Best and fastest laptop I have ever owned!!!!
AODHAG16JCEQW->45 seconds to boot, 15 seconds to sleep; this is a really amazing computer.Only once after I got it did it freeze, but ever since then it really works like a gem! I have been told by several people that I should get a warranty, but I am still deciding whether I want that or not. :POverall it gets a 5 star rating from me. :)
A561TEXVV3UZA->i was so excited when my macbook came in! its perfect in every way. its stylish and high performance. i love that you can face-time from your laptop. nice feature.
A19OOK6J6IT59L->Better buy this one. Throw away the hard disk. Put an ssd on it and it will fly. I am running avid media composer on it cutting full hd movie in it with no effort. Top notch
A352GEVHGD0CKH->I've enjoyed my first Mac for two months, just like every friend who owns one told me: quick start up, instant power off, performance clearly over any Windows PC I've owned, reliable, no crashes. Yes, more expensive, but worth the price. I'm joining so many others who crossed into the Mac world, never to return to the dark side of crashes, virus, loss of performance with each hour of use, etc.
A18JR8OCEG2LVW->After using this laptop for a while, I would say I generally like it.  Overall, this is a very nice laptop, both on hardware and software.  But there are some minor irritations.1)  Hardware.  Just after one day use, the return/enter key becomes tilted.  The lower right corner of the key is much lower than other 3 corners.  It is a minor problem so I haven't bother to take it to Apple store.  But it is annoying.2)  Software.  Mounting of samba server is nice, but however, the rwx permission is messed up.  All the files from samba server have 700 permission.  And I can't change permission from the mac.3)  Software.  ITunes doesn't work with my daapd server.For these reasons, I give it a 4 star instead of 5.
A27TKC5FABR2LS->I originally hesitated when buying this product.  I am a traveler and I only spend one year in each country before traveling onto the next adventure.  Having something considered "elitist" and very expensive on travels made me a bit nervous of pick pocketing.  Not only that, but it's hard to synch a Mac with other computers and there's no real tech support yet where I'm going next.  So, I ended up buying a different brand of laptop (to remain unnamed) and HATED it.  In it's defense, I think it was a defective model, but still!  So awful and the internet was so slow.  It was pricey too.  Not as pricey as this, but pretty up there.And then I got this... this demigod.Travelers out there, let me tell you, this is the ultimate laptop.  It's skinny, fits well in my backpack, it's lightweight, has a decent battery life (not the best, but certainly decent enough - around 5 hours).  I have the 13".  I know that the Macbook Air is smaller, but it only has 3 hours of battery life, so I opted for this one.  And it's STRONG.  I'm not as worried about it getting broken or damaged because it feels very secure.  (Still... be gentle with it!) I mean, it really is THE ultimate traveling laptop.  There's no getting around it.From the moment I got this awesome device, I could FEEL the difference from the other laptop.  Apple is just on a whole different level.  They keys feel wonderful and the trackpad is easy.  (I still have the wireless mouse, just in case, but I never use it).And any gamers?  I play World of Warcraft and the images are GORGEOUS.  Not to mention there's never any lag.  On the other laptop I briefly had, the lag was awful, and I've experienced lag on my brother's laptop as well.  But on this one?  Never.  It's smooth, uploads quickly and you'll be playing within the hour.  Amazing.All in all, I know it's pricey.  It really is, but it is SO worth it.  The other laptop I had was around 900$.  For 300$ more, this laptop feels like a steal.  They could sell this for 3000$ and get people to buy it.  It really is the next generation.
A3UOJVWD3R44BG->I was not sent the login password for the computer (which is frequently asked for when uploading/downloading new programs). This means that I cannot log out because I will not be able to log back in to my settings. Apart from that, the laptop works fine...
AK4LK9QL1XDUX->As always, apple has done again, really neat laptop. my wife is thrill with it enjoing it and makeing the most out of it.
AGIJKW7OIGZVJ->Moved from a 2008 Macbook to this machine...lights years ahead!  Great for music production!  I'm souping it up to 8GB tomorrow.
A26YW3WFMBMN1K->Worked great but after a year the hard drive crashed, thankfully with iCloud most of your stuff is backed up for free but it still sucked
AMNJ35FLKGYSO->This is my second Macbook Pro.This is very faster than old one.Glad to have it.I can't imagine how fast SSD hard drive ones.I LOVE ''
A5G9JKFHQO2YW->When I graduated high school, I got this exact kind of laptop. Unfortunately however, it got stolen which lead me to looking for a new one. I could never switch back to any other kind of laptop other than a Mac. I've been using this one for quite a few months now, and I've never had any problems with it (except my roommates using it because their laptop's are so slow).
A30UP5635TAGKL->Mike was very open to communicating with me via both email and phone about the computer he was selling. He promptly provided all pertinent information and answered all of the additional questions I had. Perhaps most importantly, the laptop was priced fairly. When I received the laptop - within three days of buying it - I was thrilled with the product. It was exactly as Mike described and in great condition. He even added a few personal touches by setting my name as the username.Apple MacBook Pro MD313LL/A 13.3-Inch Laptop (OLD VERSION)Next time I am looking for a product like this, I will check with this seller before inquiring about any other products online.Thanks Mike!
A3NHB4MPU79NDZ->I love it.. this is small, fast and very attractive. I love to spend time on my mac. .. It's a part of my daily life now..
A2WHKA71BA1S7B->Ordering the Macbook pro on Amazon was a good decision. The price was fair or let me say the best on the market. Received it the day it was scheduled to be delivered....Love the service.
AALWZCFMGNAG1->First, I'm a long time Windows-Based Computer user. This is my first Apple product ever. I have to admit, up until recently I've considered myself an Anti-Apple Crusader! But in my new job, I've got a lot of exposure to Apple's products and the customers feedback has been overwhelming: People love their Apples!! You combine that with life-long series of disappointments, frustrations, freezes, crashes, viruses and 'updates' with each and every "PC" I have come to own or use ( and trust me when I say: I've got my hands on quite a few).It was a 'Green Monday' deal at a nearby Bestbuy store: Apple MacBook Pro 13" for a little over $1000 with 6-18 months Financing. I just couldn't let it pass. And so I got my hands on my first Mac.Urban Myths Versus First-Hand Realities:-----------------------------------------------1) The Only True PC On The Market: We use the abbreviation PC so loosely that we kind of forgot what it stands for: "Personal Computer." So it has nothing to do with a particular OS or hardware manufacturer but rather the combination of both and the overall user's experience. That's being said, and having used my Macbook for  over two months, I'm ready to make a rather bold statement: Mac computers are the only true PC's on the market. Other machines are more less of Windows-Bloated computers!!2) The Mac OS: Mine has Mac OS X v10.7 Lion pre-installed.  I have to admit I was afraid the switch was going to be hard because I knew nothing about Macs. But 3 days into using my MacBook Pro, I fell in love with it!  The Operating System is very user-friendly and ridiculously easy to use/navigate. The following link was a great reference for me: [...]. I also went on YouTube for more advise on how to get the best of my new Mac. And the Apple Rep at the nearby BestBuy store was super helpful. Honestly, by the end of the first week, I was up & running and since, never really needed to ask any questions as to how use my Mac. Oh, one more thing that is worth highlight: settings ("System Preferences") are very visualized & easy to set up & change. Three thumbs up! I know I'll never miss the "Control Panel" on other so-called PC's.3) Superior Build Quality: You get what you pay for. You're paying premium price but you're also getting a premium quality. The Aluminium unibody is an eye and a hand pleaser! The built quality is superb and attention to details is meticulous!4) Great Juice Pack! The MacBook Pro is, hands down, the best battery life laptop out there with 7 hours of rigorous use easy! I can't think of any other laptop that comes close.5) Lack of HDMI port: Simply overrated! All you need is a Mini Display to HDMI adaptor and you're set! It would be nice to have a dedicated HDMI but I don't think it's a deal breaker.6) Blue Ray Drive: Well, it would be nice to have but I don't miss it. Here's why, because I don't like spending $25 on Blue Ray Discs!!7) ClickPad: Once you learn the different gestures you can do with your fingers on the generously spaced ClickPad, you're hooked for life. It makes browsing the Internet a pleasurable experience. It really is flawless.8) WebCam: is standard VGA 1.3 MP that fell short of expectations, especially when compared to the 2.0 MP WebCam found on laptops like my previous Lenovo Edge 14". I have to admit, the difference in video conferencing quality is noticeable. I am not saying it's bad but I surely have seen better and was hoping for more.9) I love the "Dock." It really is the easiest way to access frequently used apps. When you combine it with the "Launchpad" then all of your apps come within reach. The whole platform is optimized for multitasking.10) The First Comprehensive Digital Ecosystem: Apple-branded devices work in a near perfect harmony with each other: iPhone, iPad, MacBook Pro, Time Capsule and Apple TV. You've got apps for your MacBook, apps for your iPhone, your iPad. You've got all kinds of accessories to personalize & maximize work and play output. It's like being a member of an exclusive club where you get Prime time every time!!Bottom Line:---------------It sure is worth every penny I have invested into buying it. I'm not saying it's perfect. But it sure is the closest you can get to perfection.
AS3PZDBX0GGPX->This product is awful. I had to pay $800 more than a comparable Windows 7 laptop and I received what? A shiny apple logo? That's about it. No upper level functionality, no DirectX, no Flash, no ANYTHING. I think I have finally learned the story of the Mac vs. the PC. Mac: I'm new! And I'm shiny! And I claim I'm better, yet offer no basis on these claims! PC: I don't know what that other idiot is talking about, but here's the facts. I am faster, I look better, I support nearly every program and function made on the planet, and I'm FAR cheaper. How could you be so dumb as to purchase a Mac?That's just the way of things. Macs are "in", and therefore better in the Public's eyes. Macs always will be, unless Apple gets serious, inferior purely because of Apple's greed. They put generations old hardware coupled with a crappy Operating System and claim its the best. They make it look all shiny and nice, but that means NOTHING when it comes time to deliver on a performance level. If you want an actual computer that can do something useful beyond get viruses due to lack of any anti-virus protection and browse the internet, then look to Windows. Not a Mac. Before you retort my claim of the viruses, look up on Google, "[...]". Reportedly, the virus' creator said that Macs' security is "probably the worse thing he has ever seen."Pretty much sums it up there.
A3JHBQKHBHNNNU->I just ordered my very first MacBook pro today.  My friend gave me the black macbook from late 2006 and it's on it's last legs.  That was my first introduction to OS X and I'm in love. Everything about Apple's OS and their equipment is so elegant and easy to use.  I was a die hard PC user for the past 10 years but now I don't think I will ever go back.  There was always things I wished I could do on my PC but for some reason wasn't allowed or couldn't figure it out.  With OS X, I can do everything that I want and do it relatively easy.  Apple products are very pricey but, you definitely get what you pay for.I decided to go with the 13" MBP because it fit better into my budget and the portability of it.  I wanted a machine that could perform when watching HD videos, doing some light video/photo editing, playing some games every now and again, as well as doing my daily work (word processing, email, web browsing, etc..).  I travel quite a bit and this was definitely the machine that fit me.  I imagine I will eventually add an SSD and upgrade the RAM but, coming from a 6 year old MacBook to this, I'm sure I will be very satisfied.
A2IXZYD5OJXTUJ->I was debating between the 2012 macbook pro I5 or this older version in I7. i decided to go with the 2011 I7 version because of the processor. With the work i do,video editing, photoshop, n having windows 7 (Parallels) I needed the the highest processor my budget would allow me.I could of went with the 2012 2.9 I7 but it was a little more pricey so i decided on this late 2011 and i don't regret it.Coming from windows pc over 10 years of use, I got tired of buying a new laptop every other year and as much as i baby my laptops, i seem to run them into the ground because of the extensive work i do on them. I believe regular pcs are made to just browse, email and Skype n etc but not made to be power-horses.i owned a hp I5 and this macbook pro runs much fasteri added 16gb ram into this baby and with everything open, photoshop, video editing, multiple windows open and windows 7 open i still have a remaining 6gb running, and no crashing or slowing down. this is a web designer dream computer.i never thought i would go with macs but as they say once you go mac you never go backand the fact you can runs windows on macs makes it more perfect.the only reason why i did not give this 5 stars is because battery life. the battery literally last less than 3 hrs after full charge. im not sure if its because im running so much on it at once, but the battery life is really bad and does not give me 9 hrs as advertised.if you webdesign, use photoshop, video editing n etc def get a macbook pro, you wont regret it!
A1Z6I4RVWWAL9->This laptop is perfect. I extremely love the battery life, it can last up to 6 hours! Also I love the OSX Lion operating system. It is very easy to work with, and awesome multitasking. The only problem is that it is not 100% compatible with Windows 7. More than 80% of the files are compatible, but not all. Overall I love the Laptop.
A3TU5QX4TA3XB9->the LED screen failed in less than a month. it stated with some bright spots on the bottom of the screen. the whole screen went black a week later. I searched on apple.com's forum and apparently that issue wasn't new. it started in 2008 (I bought mine in 2012) and there were dozens of pages about this particular problem. obviously most apple fans have extreme tolerance of apple defects. I was looking for possible solution on the forum but all I found were silly comments like, &#34;it's OK. it happens. bring it to the apple store and they'll exchange it for a new one.&#34; problem was, I had a new laptop. I didn't need another new one. I had just spent two weeks installing xcode because instead of letting you download this free programing workbench from a web page, apple forces you to buy it via apple store for free. I never had an itune account and for that reason, I couldn't simply set up my account on the newly purchased MacBook. I was on the phone with the apple genius and her supervisor for hours to no avail. they told me to use my windows laptop to first open an itune account but that didn't work either. they told me to wait for an email or phone the following day. nobody called or emailed and my account still didn't work the following day. then I called them and a few hours later it was working. apple geniuses are polite and often apologize. as a result, you can't really lash out at them. but there're useless. eventually, I didn't bring the laptop to the apple store because I didn't want another laptop, which would require me download xcode again. I brought it to an authorized dealer to have the screen replaced.
A1PLXA4HC927ZF->My old 2008 MacBook is on its way out so with the new update it was a perfect time to upgrade.  I opted for the i5 model, before when I was researching MacBooks I was planning on upgrading the hard drive to 500GB, but now I don't have to!!  Thanks Apple!
A3VKS8981P3XA8->I've used Mac products forever and this one works as I expected. Fast, solidly built, dependable. I sold my 7 year old 12" Powerbook 2 years ago - not because of it didn't work, it worked great. I couldn't upgrade to any of the latest software. I plan to have this laptop around just as long - if not longer. I couldn't give it 5 stars because I'm not happy with how close two usb ports. I had to buy a multi-hub port to be able to comfortably fit multiple devices.
A18AOJJFQF2AYB->Awesome computer, does what I need it too, runs super fast, love love love is really all I can say. Much improved since that last time I had an apple computer.
ATFUDSHI45PJQ->Only 4 stars because when I got it, I ran the conventional update and it ended up departitioning the hard drive.Luckily the product still had Apple Care on it, so I was able to take it in and get it all set up for free.Works fine now, and I love it.
A20YZ6N66X2DVJ->This machine is excellent. Works fast, the screen resolution is excellent and of course is Mac! Nothing compares to it.
A19JIFXCSWOZWL->I received this laptop for my high school graduation present. I used to own a Dell that I liked in the beginning, but after about a year it began having hardware problems. I wanted the Macbook Pro for college because I had heard amazing reviews. Now I can testify that the rumors are true: Macbook Pros are the BEST laptops to own. They are easy to use, sleek and lightweight, and have a great hard drive that will last for a very long time. They conveniently store all of your contact information, calendar events, and e-mails right to your home screen! It was a perfect thing to ask for for college. After downloading Microsoft for Mac I have used my laptop to type all of my essays, create every powerpoint, and research class projects! I plan on using this computer beyond my college years, and hope others can enjoy one too!
A15S34A2CB4Z8S->I've waited for a long time even though it was 2-day shipped.Maybe i was so eager to get it. Everything works smoothly until now.I just made the switch from PC to MAC. It takes me a little bit time to suit it. I labored for a long time trying to decide whether the 13" MacBook Pro (MBP) or MacBook Air,but now I  prefer the Pro and 13'' is pretty suit for girls compared with 15''.
A2XMPX2XVRJR2H->Excellent purchase. Perfect delivery. MacBook Pro speaks for itself. Everything works out with no effort at all. The best operating system and the best hardware and design.
A1Z8OOW5KQ7O1Y->My daughter was very happy with her birthday gift. She has grown up with desktop computer all through high school and now she can not find words to express the joy and wonder. I must admit it's a really pretty nice laptop - very portable, runs super fast, the backlit keyboard makes it easy to type in the dark, the multi touch gestures trackpad are awesome, a pleasure to work on such a high-quality screen. By the way, I was impressed with Amazon price and zero shipping, I recommend it to everyone!
A3QVWA3AZJFVIU->The best laptop I have ever had; I am using computers since 1970 from the IBM mainframes thru Windows PC and then laptop, but got tired of freezing, virus, etc. and decided to change to Mac (now have iPod, iPhone and Macbook Pro). My last one have Win7, 4GbRAM, 320GbHD and everything else for an updated laptop, but soon after I bought it start the same problems; now this is for far a state of the art one, nice looking, very small and lightweight, robust hardware and excellent operating system. I will never change to Windows, it worth the money I paid, I recommend it.
A3IBVEO9EXDRMW->Awesome computer, it runs smoothly and quick. Its a huge relief after multiple problems I'd had from PCs in the past.
A3HFQ21924HHZN->I'm glad I saved up my pennies and made the switch.  After two months of operation, this machine is incredible for my own applications and usage.  I don't want to go back to the &#34;other side.&#34;  As a photographer, I am just amazed as to the graphic clarity that comes up on the screen.  The operating system is quick and flawless.  The backlit keyboard is cool.  I also like the design and color of the MacBook.  Overall, just a great performing machine!
A36UCLJPY6I1MZ->The delivery is fast and pack is in good condition.I love Mac pro as soon as I got it and started to use it.
AYM455GLAXVGX->I have had my MAC for about 1 week now so i would give my thoughts thus far. 1st time MAC user btw.PROS:Speedy response time awaking from sleep modeLoving the Screen display & backlit keyboardEasy to get accustom to, alot of shortcutsGood looking and sexy bodySounds greatCONS:I was most disappointed with the battery life i am getting 2-2 1/2 hrs, i mean really apple!!Programs are hard to find- After payin millions to buy this product they den want you to spends thousands on software frankly I find this ridiculousGarageband & Imovie are so easy to use very user friendlySummary:If you are not goin to use ur Macbook pro for Design, Drafting, Music Production, Editing or any other hardcore stuff I suggest to jus stick to a PC because it really wouldnt be worth paying the extra trust me. I knw its appealing to the eyes but still very pricy if jus for everyday use. I give 3 and 1/2 stars out of 5 mainly because of the battery life :(
A2XKS82HGYB5->I bought this MacBook Pro 13.3' Laptop computer because I wanted a lightweight, smaller computer to use in our living room.  Thinking the smaller screen might present a problem seeing it well, I was surprised that the glossy screen could be seen easily.  Such vivid colors, too!  I am a senior citizen, and have not had any trouble reading what is on the screen.  While I watch TV, I can check my e-mails and answer them, surf the net and check various files that I have.  I also like to play games.  I can also listen to music (CDs or online) and streaming radio broadcasts (our son broadcasts from out-of-state and love being able to hear his radio station's streaming).  Being a Mac-only user, I wanted a very good, well-made, reliable computer with plenty of functions such as a DVD player---and this is it!  And, it only weighs 4.5 lbs., so is easy to place onto a table that I have near my chair when I am finished using it.  It is a great size for travel, too.  I own a larger, older Mac Book Pro, too, and have never been disappointed with it.  I highly recommend this computer.
A2BENTCRKZ8UA9->After spending most of my adult life messing with PCs and working in the industry, I always wondered how the Macs compared to the PC.  Recently, the iPhone came to Sprint and I was able to acquire the iPhone 4S after all these years waiting patiently and buying android phones.  The iPhone hooked me.  After seeing how great the phone was, my curiosity was at an all time high for the MacBook.  I made the plunge via store.apple.com.I thought there would be a massive learning curve going in but to my surprise, everything is simple and straight forward. Things that I thought I would struggle with like finding out the computer name, networking, connecting to a printer, divx codecs, and installing software were all straight forward.  It just works.The hardware is a work of art.  Backlit keyboard is amazing.  My old windows laptop had a light flash down on the keyboard but this is so much better and easy on the eyes.  From a looks standpoint, this blows away everything else excluding the MacBook Air.  Windows just feels old.  PCs feel prehistoric and very dated.At this point, I don't see myself buying or building another PC/laptop.  The only thing I haven't figured out at this point is why I waited so long?
A2BFWTU0BWJE6P->This is my 2nd macbook and my old black one is 5 years old and still a great little computer and a or horse.  This new one is fast and  so user friendly.  Lighted keyboard is great.  I think its overpriced but I like it and will always have one or two.  I use quickbooks on it, build my websites, and it is my music and movie source.  I never buy the extended warranty and am very careful with it.
AYADQI4LENS1Y->This laptop is an amazingly engineered machine, which beats every competitor I've tried or been acquainted with.  It is the very best.
A3DJAB6W45ET0B->Very, very good, must people that buy a mac will not repent of doing this. I talked with a friend that work on the informatics sector of office depot, and he told me that the best brands( that most do not have problems) are three: apple, asus and lenovo.He told that, if you can afford, buy apple's products. they have best material than the other one's and will last more.Apple MacBook Pro MD313LL/A 13.3-Inch Laptop (NEWEST VERSION)
A1ND9ILAURW87X->I love everything about this MacBook Pro.  The 2.8 GHz Intel Core i7 is fast to me!  I upgraded to 8 GB of RAM, which I completely recommend and it's very cheap).  It's portable enough to take from office to home and travel; it's slim and light.  It's powerful and even more powerful than my current desktop (a fairly new Macbook) and the batter life is wonderful!  While I could use a bigger screen when I'm working on multiple documents, I compromised space for portability and I don't regret it.  The Thunderbolt works great with the HDMI adapter (just remember to change the sound settings in System Preferences and choose your TV as your sound output device).  Though it works great, before the first year is up, I plan to purchase Apple Care to extend the warranty two more years...you never know and I've been very happy with Apple Care for previous computers.  I didn't purchase it right away to save a little money upfront.
A17S65EOGCX9L0->after years and years having difficulties with PC's, I save some money and buy me a MacBrook Pro. I couldn't be happier, this is the best investment so far, very quick easy to use, almost everything I use to do with Pc's I'm doing it here. I upgraded the memory and it's running as no other PC i ever own, plus I'm using parallels to run some Windows App I need for my studies, so I have the best and I definitely recommend to buy a Mac, you won't regret it :)
A21A0MBXAO8PQO->Best laptop or notebook I ever had will not buyAnything else ever & love amazon also Love the Mac book pro A+A+A+
A1S5EEFEM53OIL->Here my take on this.  I went ahead and got myself this new computer and once it got here i started putting it through it's paces.  So far it's left me in it's dust. What should have been a 30 min download took less than 10.  Picture quality, camera quality, and sound are great.  The internal wi/fi can pick up signals from a mile away.  Going to go into more detail once I've had it for a bit longer.  If your looking for a computer that you can take out of the box and get started without a lot of setup, downloading new software, or buying anti virus protection ever! Then this new mac is for you.  The have programs that can take ALL you windows "PC" info and convert it to apple info.  Only bad thing is i can't afford to get 2 so my wife and i can each have one.  Love It.
A30LQ22PFEFEIE->Ive owned Apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember. About 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro, which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro. If you already own a 2009, 2010, or early 2011 model, you should wait until the next update. It has a . 1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive. The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac, and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $60 500gb external hard drive. cosmetically, the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top. they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc. and if you are in desperate need of a new laptop, it would be MUCH better to just buy a used macbook pro early 2011.
AJYMIJCM45BJU->I had MacBook Pro since 2009 and my daughter always try to use it instead of her HP laptop of same age.She said that it is more fast and not freeses at all. So for Christmas I bought for her Mac Book Pro new version and she is so happy with it.Very important I dont have to renew every year McAfee protection plan for PC. It seems that Apple laptop not affected by viruses as PC.
A3IJGT0V5S0VGA->I LOVE this laptop. It replaced my Macbook White and it runs so smoothly...I will never go back to PCs!
A1GEV4XRR3YJ0F->I'm glad I didn't wait for the new retina display mac for several reasons.#1 cost THIS model is a good buy, the retina display is over $1000 more just for retina display.#2 dvd/cd drive (I still use cd's and dvd's for things, and what's the point in having a laptop if you can't be on the go and have a dvd drive...) I"m so glad THIS macbook pro has a cd/dvd drive, the NEW retina display one does not. when is someone going to get blueray in a laptop/mac.... come on now#3 two thunderbolt ports, who needs more then one I'm not even using the one I have! I"d rather have more USB ports then thunderbolt ports so I"m GLAD that I have this model, one thunderbolt is plenty.Pro's#1 laptop hardly ever heats up, typically stays ice cold for normal use ie internet, fb, chatting, email, even photoshop and what not.#2 long long long lasting battery!#3 I am so in LOVE with the megasafe battery magnet! I have walked through my cord so many times already it's not even remotely funny! I just love that it pulls out and my mac just sits there doesn't even move at all.... whoever came up with that was a GENIUS!  I wish you could plug the power cord in on either the left or right side, that'd be super awesome, however I get how they can only pick one...#3 no trial junk or stupid antivirus crap annoying you to buy or renew. Everything that comes on the mac is ready to go and yours for life.#4 STICKIES!!!  people forget about stickies I am a post it note freak, and having stickies is freaking amazing! I know you can get them on a PC but they dont function the same as on the mac.#5 buttons for launch pad, buttons for light control, buttons for keyboard light control, as well as music and sound. Who ever uses those stupid f1-f12 buttons ever anyways nobody needs them, so I'm glad they aren't on here and I have all of those buttons instead.#6 it's so quite you dont even know it's on! The rare occasion it makes sound from the fan is when I play a game that takes over the whole computer like WOW or games on steam, and even when that happens the fan is so quite.#7 built in SD card slot, easy to slap your SD card in for quick photo uploads#8 so much faster then any pc#9 the track pad is amazing! you can click on it anywhere not just one spot. I hear a lot of PC users complain about there being only one click, but if you hold down the control button you have yourself your other buttons....con's#1 I wish there was at least one usb drive on the OTHER side... a lot of people are right handed and having all usb ports on the left hand side is a little inconvenient with short wired mice wires. Wireless mice are ok, however#2 the usb ports are smack next to each other I wish they were on oposite sides left and right, or at least space them further apart.#3 Im having a problem with java and yahoo games where the font looks like it's size 4, and I can't see all my playing cards in canasta, you get 1/3rd of the cards and it's annoying. I have to be 2 inches from the screen to read the stupid size 4 typeface.I bought this mac on may 21st, 2012 and I haven't touched any other computers (PC's) in my house since I got it.  I'm so excited about this mac, I love how it works. I have wanted another mac for the last 8 years, my first mac was a 2001 ibook. I love how programs operate, and how smooth things are, you open the display and 1 second later it's ready to go. It connects to internet so fast and smooth. I have only restarted this mac once in the month I have owned it! NOT needing to restart all the time is amazing! I also love how when you install a program you dont need to restart for it to work like MOST pc's requires. The keyboard is so easy to type on, it's smooth and easy to type fast! I LOVE how the keys light up in the background, the only pc's that do that are expensive gaming pc's. I wish the back light could be a blue or something more relaxing to the eyes in dark however I"m just glad they light up at all.so go out there you mac users, and use your mac with pride. Put those apple logos on your cars, and sit in starbucks with your apple glowing!
AMJXDGY3CY2NK->We have three MacBook Pros in the family and all three have been in for major repairs in the past three months. Two of them are less than two years old, and the third is less than three years old. Two hard drive failures without warning underline the fact that Apple buyers are paying a premium price for an inferior product.I advise buying competing products at half the price. Apple is not in this business to help anyone but their bottom line. Why pay more for less? My next computer will not be made by Apple.
A3RC13Q9YIPQHL->I am writing this revere from my new Macbook pro 13". I have been using this model since the black macbook. The value is great. Even though the price runs higher than your standard laptop the software / hardware integration is great. The Mac OS Stability is awesome. I also bough a Corsair 8 GB memory kit which I have not installed. My guess the thing will be even faster.
AWIMJW40D3639->Apple cada dia mejor y windows mas lejos de ios! realmente una laptop con todo lo que uno busca. EXCELENTE!
A3MYT1EHNOPAFK->A typically stylish and easy to set up Apple product. It's light and the screen resolution is good. I wish the software came on disks as well as pre-loaded though.
A190JB20LU8A81->I've been a hardcore windows user all my life and an even harder core android user for 3 years. I never would've thought about getting an iPhone or anything apple until one day i looked up videos online researching iPad for my girlfriend and i got hooked.The "halo effect" happened with me. I got an iPhone and saw how amazing it was and thought "how good could a mac be too"? So i got a macbook. Thought it was great at first but there was a learning curve so i returned it and bought a top of the line hp laptop. Well...It just wasn't the same. Build quality, smooth os, gestures, no bloatware, mac app store. It all adds up and the when i first got the macbook i didn't realize how amazing the whole package was. So i returned the hp laptop and bought a macbook. AGAIN.I could not be happier. Hands down the best purchase i've ever made and  even having been an objective person and "not getting to close and liking things too much", i can see why people swear by apple. I didn't think i could be so impressed with a piece of technology. Seriously. If you get one and it seems overwhelming, go to youtube. Watch tutorials. Ask around forums. When you learn about all the benefits, it's completely worth it
A27KCDMF6Z2ZUD->Actually something is missing... i thought the apple was not giving anymore the cd for installation, but i realized that was only missing in this purchase, so what happened!!! need the cds! this is disappointing... And also wanted to know how the warranty is gong to work? cause didn't came any paper with the order... and i'm not in texas anymore, i'm back in costa rica... please let me know!
A2OQPSIK2MWGCE->I switched from a windows computer to this Macbook Pro and love it. It has a learning curve as it is very different from the windows operating system, but there are good tutorials to help.  The quality of the machine is leaps and bounds over any computer I have ever bought. Some of the software is not so great...like I Bank, But most of my favoriteprograms I can use on the Mac.  Fast processor and user friendly set up.
A1O2SLAG7Z50D8->As with any Macbook Pro, it's shiny and beautiful and it works pretty fast. I used to only use PCs and this is my first personal Apple computer and I love it. Of course, you have to download Adobe yourself and then purchase Microsoft Office and all that jazz. It has yet to disappoint me. It is not too heavy compared to other laptops and goes with me everywhere. Invest in a case if you want to keep it a beauty though (so shallow).
A10XL2MITQQX6H->EXCELLENT EXCELLENT EXCELLENT DEVICE ! the seller was prompt and on time for the delivery too. Full original parts and packaging. This is my first apple device and i am completely satisfied. This is all what a real computer supposed to be. five stars all the way
A3590PC6HGZMBN->I've been using Macintosh computers since 1996, and in 2011 I decided maybe it was time to get with the "Windows world" and purchase a PC. As you can probably assume by this review, I did not hold on to that PC too long. I decided to go back to Mac with the brand new MacBook Pro--and words cannot explain how much BETTER Apple's OSX operating is to Windows 7.I can honestly say, I'm a better person with my MacBook Pro. I'd be willing to bet that any Windows user who buys one of these laptops will NEVER voluntarily go back to using a PC ever again.Everything is incredibly simple, the screen is gorgeous, the keyboard has quiet-touch keys that light up which make typing fun. Start up time is incredibly fast. I'd say it takes less than 40 seconds from me pressing the power key to being on the internet.iPhones, iPods, wireless printers, etc., all hook up with ease with this computer. Heck, I even love the sound it makes when it closes.So no, this is not me being an Apple "fanboy" as they call it. I've worked with Mac's for over 15 years, have an iPhone, and now this, but it's just me simply recognizing that Apple's products are SUPERIOR to Microsoft's.Those commercials of "go Mac and you'll never go back" are 100% true. I could not have put my money towards a better piece of equipment.
A2HDXG1KQX9CVR->I have had this computer for more than two years now and haven't had any problems. Recently, I updated it to the most recent OS version (Maverick, 10.9) with no change in performance. The battery still works about as well as when the computer was new, i.e. it runs for 5-6 hours.Spilling coffee required around $300 worth of repairs, but it was probably worth it.
A3UCD1OMXG96OR->Buying a computer is somewhat like buying a car.  As soon as you receive it there's a newer and better model out on the market.  However, I expect to use and enjoy my computer for as long as I possibly can.  Love it!
A25DCDGI81FIHF->(This is the very first Apple I ever owned,( I have used them a lot before tho), so I dont know much about what comes with them if anything at all. This one only came with a charger)? AnywayUnfortunately I waited too long to check inside the package because when you buy a new computer you dont need the boot CD right away so I figured it was in there, inside the box, but much to my surprise I found out yesterday that the CD holder in the box is Empty!?I was wondering if the Seller does not include the Apple Boot CD with their new laptops? Or is this a mistake? Or is it extra? (I sure hope not cuz it is not the case with the PCs).How do I get my* boot disk?Thank You!*By "my" disk, I mean the CD that matches that exact model because they usually ship a backup copy with all the software etc, in case the HDD crashed or something happened which forced an OS reinstall.
A1QG5PKFWRT6TP->After doing graphic design work on PC's for over a decade I took the plunge to Mac.  Why the hell did I wait so long?!? I have only had my MacBook for about 40 hours, and had no previous Mac experience, and things are becoming pretty familiar already.  If you are concerned about switching operating systems, don't be.My last laptop was a Gateway and for the last year I have had an issue with the power supply.  I would spend as much time wiggling the damn power cord as I did actually working.  The Mac is well designed and shows a lot of attention to detail.  Form follows function so to speak.  So I really took notice while looking at something as small as the design of the magsafe adapter and power cord.  If Apple put that much thought into the cord (while most manufacturers treat that stuff as an after thought) then I have to believe that the really important aspects of the machine were in good hands as well.I also ordered a mini HDMI cable so I could plug into my flat screen TV.  So tonight I'm sitting in my recliner in the living room doing graphic design work on the big screen while running netflix on the laptop screen along with my email and about 4 other programs.  The MacBook didn't even break a sweat.Being a screen printer I was used to using CorelDraw for design work and was hesitant to switch to Mac since Corel isn't available in a Mac version.  No problems, I was able to set up a virtual windows machine using Parallels for Mac and can now run any windows program as well.  Sharing files between photoshop on Mac and Corel on windows was also very easy.This machine is a bad ass!Nothing wrong with pc's I will still be using one at work but if you are considering getting a Mac...Jump on in the water is fine.
A16ENT8QZHJYCD->Macbook Air----------More screen (1440x900 v 1280x800)Sexier, more portable (less weight, thinner)Better keyboard input (sharp edges on the Pro's frame cut into the wrist over extended periods)Macbook Pro-----------Better display with wider color gamut and viewing angle (IPS panel v TN)Rugged (search for faint lines on Air, Air is susceptible to keyboard imprints, Pro's display protected by glass)CPU is faster with a larger cache (Air is good and more than fast enough for day to day things, so is the iPad)Cooler and quieter (Air gets noisy on moderate load)Upgradable SSD or HDD (lottery SSD with Air)Upgrade to 8GB RAM for cheapGigabit LANDVD drive is convertible to a 2nd drive or SSDI really wanted to get the Air but the screen was disappointing unless you look at it directly (perpendicular). I would kill for the 1440x900 screen though! And the noise while watching youtube or anything moderately cpu intensive is unbearable on the Air but much more tolerable than a run of the mill PC laptop. I've been spoiled by the unbeatable quality of the Macbook Pro line and when it came time to upgrade I stayed with it. I'm sure an Air is in my future but not yet.
A16CNL56E22GZ3->Like some of the other reviewers, I had always used a PC and knew almost nothing about Macs. This machine was easy to unpack and power up. Everything worked fine from the get-go. My old apps all installed without any difficulties, and the interface is so intuitive I managed to figure most things out without consulting the online or print documentation. I think this machine is superbly designed in appearance and functioning. I wish I had made the change from Windows to the Mac years ago!
A11QXBG5VWAN95->I was very hesitant on purchasing a macbook, I always been a PC/Windows person.now 3 months after owning a macbook i love it. It is very easy to use(as far as learning how MacOS operates). The battery life on it is very good, and the way it runs is very smooth. The track/touch pad on it also makes it very easy to get things done with out a mouse.Yes MacBooks are pricey but you get what you pay for, and this macbook is an excellent product.
A3MN88UQUSVWB0->The Apple MacBook Pro is simply the best laptop that I have ever used. I was in the market for a new laptop as my 18.4" laptop of 2 years started wearing out on me. I was debating whether or not to buy another Windows laptop or to finally 'bite the bullet' and buy a MacBook Pro. I realized that I would regret not buying the Mac regardless of which Windows machine I purchased, so I bought the Mac.WOW. This machine and I are nearly inseparable. A lot of Mac users say that with a Mac, "everything just works." They are right. The boot time on the machine is FAST, about 20 seconds at the MOST, from my experience.The machine is small, and lightweight. The aluminum is very strong and high quality as opposed to the typical plastic enclosures that Windows laptops have. The hinge for the screen of the laptop is really strong and secure - a bit of a snap closing effect when the top is close to closing.The only software that I have noticed to be a bit buggy and freezes every now and again is Microsoft Office for Mac. All in all, I am very happy that I went with this Mac. I know that the build quality is extremely good and that it should last way longer than 2 years. As someone who has never bought an Apple product before, this was my first and a good buy.
A25EZBC0D0J2XN->I really love this one. I'm not seeing any problem so far. I hope this will last so i won't go back to other brands. For first time user, it would be a little challenging but worth it.
AWYV34WVOKX34->I started off with 0 knowledge to i think around 6 of MAC knowledge. It helped me to upload and upgrade versions easier and faster than PC(my bf said he felt like so) And I used the apps and programs from which helps me a lot of studies because some free apps have many visuals graphs that I made for myself to easier to learn.  I just love the tiny stuff that mac has created which accommodates our brain so much easily without a mouse.  I hate using mouse at outdoor cos it makes me carry even more weigh in my bag!So far the vendor has shipped out the item promptly and well-protected box.  It was alright so far I've been using for more than 2 months. Oh! I bought at Thanks Giving Holiday which i had a great deal from saving $250(incl. CA tax) ... i can't resist the price!
A3LPWFDTJ8HWT1->I recently upgraded to a 13" macbook pro from a titanium powerbook and I must say I'm very pleased with this purchase so far. Using this computer has been stress free as opposed to using windows pc's. All I can say is I'm a mac user for life and will never purchase another windows pc ever again.
A4BCTF6HJWMY9->I received item (laptop) in good condition, quick ship, nice parking, and working fine without problem, best regard and thanks
A3R55FZHPKI0YK->I have owned a MacBook for over 6 years now and still runs like a gem!  I decided to upgrade to the MacBook Pro and I could not be more pleased!!  My MacBook Pro is reliable, looks great, and I have owned for almost 2 years and I haven't had any problems!  Much more reliable than my husband's HP Laptop, which is always slow and multiple other issues!
A2SZPKUOY900JA->I've had Windows computers for many years and after using an ipod, was persuaded to try a Macbook Pro.  My experience with the MAC OS has been frustrating as it is a closed system and there is very little that I can do to run diagnostics.  Many applications still require Windows, so I had to install VMware Fusion and Windows anyway.After 2 years the IO Controller failed and I learned that Apple stores require an appointment for service, (no drop off service available).  I made an appointment and found that it was simply an appointment to get in line for a teenage tech.  After waiting 20 minutes after my "appointment" I requested a manager who couldn't provide any satisfaction either.  Apple employees are the only ones permitted to run the super secret diagnostics software.Everything about Apple is closed system, so I was completely dependent on them and they get to dictate the support relationship.  I've since purchased a new Toshiba system and will never buy another Apple product.
A319LOEEGCI0DS->Where to start.... This particular Mac is by far the best computer I've ever had. I'm a college student, so I've had plenty of experience with computers. It's by far the fastest computer I've used, and the most stylish. With it's fast speed and sleek appearance it's just sexy. You won't be disappointed if you purchase this computer. It's no doubt pricey, but it's worth it.
A24FIHVQTK6KY4->I got this right after the new refresh to the 2.4 GHz, 500GB hard drive as the basic configuration of the 13" MacBook Pro in November (2011). Works great, the speed is a welcome relief from my old straining powerbook that was on its last legs. Will be very happy if this runs well for 5 years (an eternity in terms of what's coming next in computing). My Windoze friends think it is nuts to spend $1100 on a MacBook Pro when you can get a Windoze machine with similar specs for $700 or so. You can also buy a Chevy for less than an Acura, if you don't mind something that is NOT made to last and will never have the same elegance and ease of use and reliability.
A1R8F3J6NGFG3W->I got a Macbook Pro  as my first computer and I must say I am impressed.  My family Has used PCs for as long as I can remember.  I was tired of freezes and waiting ten minutes for Internet Explorer to open so I decided to spring for a Macbook.  I had had good expieriences with Apple products before so I new I was going to get a quality product. I decided on the Pro 13-inch because it seemed like the best balance between cost and functionality. I worked all summer raising money and boy, it was worth it. I am thrilled with my Macbook.  It runs like a dream and impressed my whole family. It starts in one minute and apps never take longer than ten seconds to load.  I am in high school, so i got 100 dollars for the Mac App store.  This got me a bunch of great apps, including a writing app called MOApps Write.  I was surprised that the Macbook didn't come with a writing app but hey, its no biggie.  I am going to try to cover some less reviewed things that other reviews don't talk about.  For me, all the little things made this computer worth it for me.  I love the touchpad.  It took a little getting used to, but it speeds up everything I do by 20 percent.  It also makes web browsing effortless.  I really enjoy it.  Another thing other reviewers seem to leave out is the sound on this computer.  It is LOUD.  It can easily fill my entire living room with sound, and can be heard througout my house.  I play music on this thing all the time, using it as a boom box.  I love the durability on this computer.  The aluminum body is quite durable, but not invincible.  This computer is only slightly tougher than others.  Still, on the only occasion I dropped it, I expected a big dent.  Instead, I found the Macbook had dented the floor.  I also like the magnetic charger.  It is cool and keeps my computer from getting yanked around by the cord.  Unfortunately, my computer has one huge problem that kept it from reaching five stars: the battery.  At first, I did reach the advertised seven hours.  But soon, my computer onlyhad two hours of life on a full charge.  I tried tech services.  This failed multiple times(but the people there were very friendly and helpful).  I took it into an Apple store to have it looked at.  They looked at it, and replaced the battery.  They suspected a software problem, but couldn't find one. They told me that replacing the battery probably wouldn't work, they were just testing to see if it was the battery.  I took it home and found the battery life to be two hours.  Though the battery life was disappointing, I am very happy with this computer.  I highly recommend it.  I will update this review if my problem is solved, but until then this computer will remain at four stars for me.
A3O58HX828YM33->This is exactly what I wanted in a laptop. I have the 21 inch MAC for home use and couldn't wait until I could buy a Mac Book. I have been out of town where I couldn't get internet service, but was able to write letters with TextEdit to copy when I returned home. I am so new to having this laptop, that all I can say is, I love it and it was worth the wait to get the Apple Mac Book Pro to go with my Big Mac at home!!
A2RAPAZV3CDG2C->Mac Book Pro 13 (early 2011 and late 2011) are excellent laptops. It works really well. The pricing is very competitive. You will fall in love with it in no time. If you could stretch by a few 100 dollars I highly recommend you should replace your Windows laptop with this one.My review mainly talks about the difference I have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro.I bought mine from Apple Store the day it was released as Amazon didn't have it yet.Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space (500GB instead of 320GB) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk. I always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times. So, the hard disk capacity really doesn't matter to me.Issues I have encountered so far on the Late 2011 Edition (new one):Fan noise: The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background. So, I took it back to the apple store and they  narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.(Beware, their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is. I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a "different" computer. Yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple (which I promptly did).I think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and I need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed. I will be patient for few months.Overall,at this point I feel for 100 bucks more you will get a newer hardware but it is not drastically different and you will not miss anything if you want to save some money and want to stick with the Early 2011 edition.Enjoy your mac book pro !!
A2T5RWB45PHBSU->The screen quality is what makes this such an excellent product.  The software is easy to use and also contributes towards a postive experience.  I dont like that most pc programs wont run on it so i have to go out and buy them again though.
AQF619ABSOVFF->Coming from a PC to Mac may sound scary, but it is really easy to adjust. Setup was a breeze, but I would recommending traveling to a Apple Store to speak with someone to help you get started. The associates at the Apple Store were very friendly and will help you in whatever needs. The battery life will last around 6-6 1/2 hours. The track pad works exceptionally well and is a not hard to get used to. I would suggest buying the Speck Cover to go over a protect your Mac from scratches. Over, a wonderful computer
AWNC1GQ75W8K8->For years, literally years, my brother has been singing the praises of Mac computers. Six months ago I finally gave in and purchased this 13" model. What a great choice. the 13" is very comfortable to use and the build quality and fit and finish are second to none.About the only downside/complaint is that the screen resolution is a bit on the small size. It's not a great choice if you want to use this for a lot of Photoshop work, but it is large enough to handle the most common computer tasks.I've been using Windows since version 1.0 so I was a bit concerned that I could not do all the wiz-bang things that I was used to doing on a Windows computer. It took a little bit of time, but I so much more enjoy using the Mac OS X Lion than Windows. It slowly grows on you and in the first month or two you learn something new each day. One of the things I didn't expect is that I never use -- or feel the need to use -- a mouse. The multi-touch trackpad is so easy and feature packed that a mouse would be a big step backward.My recommendations to long-time Windows users is to make the switch. I purchased a copy of VMWare Fusion 4 which is a fantastic product that allows you to run "real Windows" on your Mac. The initial price of a MacBook Pro is higher than a Windows computer but you make this up in quality and the Mac offers a better total cost of ownership. If you want a trouble-free computer that is easy to use and just plain "works" buy a MacBook Pro.
A3J1WH6J48ALID->Awesome Experience, feeling delighted from the day 1 of using this OS... Interface and performance are extremely cool.. Love this product!
A2AF17JD9ZM5RS->Product arrived in good condition and on time.  The new macbook is all it promised to be - really pleased with the product.
A17YH2H6KN3JSW->What can I say about MacBook Pro? It's known that's a great product and, during our first week togheter, it didn't dissapointed me. It works great and its led display is outstanding, the best I have ever seen. I didn't have any problem with the laptop so far and it arrived before I expected. Hope it goes on this way!
A33ULAXAIJVH7J->After being a PC user for over 30 years, I decided to join the Mac family. I am very impressed so far. It is very user friendly and much faster. I am glad to have made this purchase.
A672BHKC3YTIQ->When I was researching this product in while in the process of trying to find a new laptop, the word "intuitive" seemed to be bandied about by both Apple and its acolytes.  After my purchase I am happy to report that intuitive is not merely a buzzword but a fantastic adjective to describe this wonderful machine!  The trackpad is nothing short of amazing and will certainly ruin any other impostor you might be familiar with using (my old Dell's feels terrible by comparison).  The entire package is wonderful and the backlit screen and keyboard is a welcome feature that you will certainly enjoy.  I could go on and on about why I am incredibly satisfied, but I'll just stop by saying that if you are willing to pay roughly $1,000 on a laptop that will probably last you the better part of a decade you cannot do better than the Macbook Pro!
A1GAVL4M2Z6KM9->My week-old Apple MacBook Pro laptop just died. My first experience with a Mac has shown nothing but technical incompetence. Their automated phone support system doesn't work and took me half of an hour to get a person who then told me he couldn't help me because that was a different department. They gave a $100 gift card with the Mac which didn't work (even though at Coffee Bean, Starbucks, etc. I've NEVER had issues with gift cards). Now the laptop itself dies after one week.  I'm forced to deal with this company because I teach programming, but it's beyond me how this company has grown to the size it has.  The laptop is twice as expensive as an equivalent Windows laptop and three times as expensive as an equivalent linux laptop.How does this company stay in business? Especially a tech company that can't its tech right!  I love and use linux. I use Windows and it works. So far all I've seen from Apple is terrible support people and a terrible product.
A1VUI22OC5IUGJ->I had been skeptical of buying a Mac for years, mostly because I felt they were overpriced.  To some extent, I still feel they are a little too pricey, but I can't say enough about how happy I am with the MBP thus far.  I thought it might take a while to get acclimated to the different OS, having used Windows for years.  It has been a pretty easy transition.  OSX is intuitive, snappy and fun to use.  Having an iPhone and syncing with iTunes is so much easier than using iTunes on a Windows machine.I have been using both Vista (awful OS) and Windows 7 (very good OS).  I can't say I miss those days.  I hope the MBP holds up better over time than my previous Windows machines.  In speaking with friends, they notice no significant slowdowns in their MBP even a few years later.  This is my pet peeve with Windows machines.  No matter how well you maintain them, they slow to a crawl...and iTunes becomes unusable.I can't wait until Mountain Lion comes out, and I get to use some of the iOS applications that are optimized for OSX.
A1J4TN3NA3BP1C->This is my third Macbook Pro. I have loved every single one. I have used PC's for over 13 years and I must say the change to the Mac OS X has been the best I have ever made. Apple's products are built to last. I use this laptop every day and I must say it never skips a single beat. It was tricky using the new filing system with my old external hard drives but I discovered driver called NTFS-3G so I didn't have to reformat any of them and lose my data. Overall I am happy to have purchased my new baby of systems.The product is sleek and grabs your attention.The backlit keyboard is beautiful and wipes away clean every time.Its hard to get any type of smudge on the casing.One thing i do wish was that the screen came with a standard matte finish (antiglare) instead of the glossy display. It leads to major eyestrain if you are working on something outdoors.Overall a solid product!
A1DLK29X50YIR8->I was so excited and happy with my macbook pro 13 at the beginning. Loved the graphics, layout, easy use... everything.I bought mine in October 2011, so 6 months ago from now.Unfortunately after only 3 months of use it started to go to hell. My macbook now constantly drops the wi-fi connection - I have to turn it on and off about every 5 minutes to be able to even load pages. I know that it has nothing to do with the router or wi-fi connection itself because I live in a house sharing the internet with 6 other people - it works perfectly for them, and 3 of them own macbooks or imacs themselves. Regardless of whether they're home or not, for me the problem still persists.I am not alone on this, if you search for it you find that tons of people have this same problem - and there is still no fix for it. Even after having gone via applecare they havent gotten anywhere.I feel so disappointed and tricked that I decided to go for a macbook!
A2HIVERHYQJ8OG->I have never had the interest to play videogames on a computer thats why i think mac works the best for me since it cant really handle all those games to play on a computer. If you like making movies and photo editing mac is the way to go. Best laptop i have ever had in my life now i have a 15inch MacBook Pro and a 13inch MacBook Pro.
A3TJVL9RDC77UE->Most perfect laptop I ever had.The MacBook pro is fantastic.Nothing bad to say about, much storage and battery life is very long and very nice packaging from amazon.
AXJCNVENRJB00->Ok, so I bought this computer which was more expensive then other options but the feel and look is beyond compare!  I tried another laptop before this one but wasn't happy.  Now, I don't think I will ever go back to another product!
AT05P6I0OU3KL->i like it...nice overall quality.  great user interface, performance & batt life.  for power users, it's easy to covert from Window based pc.
A6QGYS853F2NF->I purchased this model in 2012. Yes, you heard me right, 2012. Reason being is that the jump to Ivy Bridge and 1600 Mhz ram does't make that much noticeable difference in everyday usage, but the savings up-front do make sense. I went ahead and slapped 16 gb of memory in this bad boy (yes, it's possible), plus a hybrid HD/SSD and it so fast. I would highly recommend this product. I plan on rolling this for a few years, and I have full confidence that the laptop will deliver. I highly recommend this computer.
A37SVFYEJ7KEEU->Having used Macs in the past, this is the first Apple computer I've ever owned.  It's a good quality notebook that is very stylish looking.  Plenty of ports, nice screen, great features.  Simply stated, if you are considering switching to Mac and are wary of choosing one of the less pricey models (as I was), rest assured that you will not be disappointed.
ALDAF4VVLFRHP->I got this for my husband who is deployed. It works great and easy to travel with. We were able to link it with my computer and easily transfer anything that he might want on his computer. It is very compact and durable.
A1IQA00NDRJX3G->Apple has once again outdone themselves with a superior product!I replaced my late model 2007 white MacBook with this late 2011 model MacBook Pro and I couldn't be more pleased! It is a beautiful design, runs really fast and is very quiet. Has great RAM and the hard drive space is perfect for a laptop. I work often with the Adobe Suite and it handles it with ease.Set up was super easy (as is all Apple products).Love the backlit keyboard. If I'm working in the dark, it's nice to know where my keys are. I suggest you get a silicone keyboard protector for your keys so they don't wear down and stay like new. You can still see the light shining through even with the silicone keyboard over the keys.Love the Lion OS!Perfect for a beginner, novice, or professional!
A2OCSQ1OZO5TGN->This 13 inch version of the MAC Book Pro is the first lap top I have owned.  I like it, although it's a bit heavy to carry around with me.  Right now the programs I am using are TExt Edit, for a book I am writing, and the digital output via heaphone link, so I can listen using an outboard digital to analog converter, to my I tunes and other music I have put on the MAC Book Pro.  I plan on adding a music server besides I tunes, so I can use the lap top as a digital transport for higher resolution audio, to be fed to my reciver, that is able to decode higher sampling rates than those available through I-tunes. I"m kind of an audiophile.  So I will be using the Mac Book Pro not only to write with, but also as a component in a high end audio system.
A3NKT7LUHGULBH->10x easier to use than a pc laptop. Faster too. I will never go back to pc. I was one of those people that debated on a pc or mac for months. Im very happy with my decision to go with a macbook pro.
A1WHQDYZKAV7L0->This is my first apple laptop, so I thought I would wait to write a review until I had it for more than a year. I do not regret moving to an Apple from PC at all. Having said that, because I'm familiar with Microsoft office, I still purchased the download version for Mac.There are no tiring updates during shutdown, blue screens, screen freezes & all the things we love so much about windows.My ONLY issue is I miss the backspace button when I am in a Word Document & one of my feet came off on the bottom of the laptop.The Amazon 0% financing allowed me to make this purchase.While my MacBook Pro was more expensive, the extra investment will continue to pay dividends with high quality & less irritation.
A3MSF3XXEL44EH->This 13" macbook pro has everything I want for a notebook, both for work and entertainment. Although mac is much short in game applications, since I'm not fond of playing computer games, it's fine with me. The computing speed is as fast as my 2010 Macbook Pro 15" when I tried to run an matlab script which does millions of calculations.Comparing with Macbook Air, I think Macbook pro completely win except in the weight. I like the design of pro better than air, 'cause it looks more balanced and more rigid, air lovers don't blame me please. And not to mention the performance of pro is much better than air simply because pro is more less smaller-size oriented.
A34Z209288JEM9->I can't say enough about the excellent design and ease of use of this machine. I was reluctant to switch to a laptop that lacks an optical drive but now that I've tried it, there's no going back. The slim, lightweight design, iPad-like instant-on of all solid-state storage and superior battery life make this laptop a dream to use. It took me a day or two to fully adapt to the Mac OS X Lion operating system but now I love it. You can't go wrong with this pleasing and delightful computer.
A1OEV44GI2XCPC->PRO:+ Track Pad+ No Trial Software+ Battery Life (I get around 5 or 6 hours on a charge)+ Incremental Backups with Time Machine (You can use almost any external HD instead Apple's expensive Time Capsule)+ Support is Awesome (Nuff said)CON:- No HDMI out- USB Ports too close togetherI ordered it here at Amazon, really a great price: http://amzn.to/11k59os
A2DA2XGELYQ2B3->I've had several laptops over the years - both personal n from work... so i wanted something that would really get me excited about owning a laptop and decided apple macbook pro would be ideal -it is!! The picture quality is just amazing and great for chatting online ..again because of the video quality.Initially while buying I was slighly confused about the colour of the laptop so just to let you'll know - its silver (doesn't come in any other colour for this specification). Its comes ready to use so no software installation or any other hassle. It is very intuitive and teaches you a whole new way of computing if you're willing to learn - you can drag n drop almost anything.The packaging was excellent and reached right on time - thanks to amazon prime!
A5GDHSB0PICPL->Like Moses' people, I toiled for years under Pharaoh Microsoft with unspeakable pain. Something about Windows made my life miserable, but I did not know what is a better life. Thank you so much Steve Jobs and Apple employees, you are like Moses with a great vision who freed me from repetitive tasks and endless hassles.
A3UX44SHFE65M4->I made the switch from windows to mac with this purchase. I was skeptical about spending so much on a laptop but I'm happy I did. I've had no compatibility problems, and the screen quality is excellent. It fires up quickly, works fast, and does everything I need it to do. Recently discovered that it doesn't have a projector port when I went to a conference, but that was remedied with a different cable.Dislike the DVD drive that will only switch 5 times to the region from where you DVD is from then it just remains there. This is not unique to the Mac but I would have thought the Apple would have not installed this feature in their DVD player.Battery life is as stated and the laptop is light enough to be portable. Overall I am very happy and satisfied with the product.
A38NPM09HHAXT5->Got this macbook after using Toshiba. What a difference!!Very convenient to use and has excellent processing speed. I love that it doesn't get heated even after extensive usage. Recommend it for others to try.
A2TMFT618F5TUH->Product received as described. Perfectly new condition. All the gadgets in the house are Apple, so saying anything about the choice of the product is pointless.Thank you
A3Q3FGYVK9YLS8->I was in desperate need of a laptop after my DELL died in the 8th grade. I was stuck using a desktop PC for awhile. Finally, sophomore year of college, I decided to finally buy a Macbook. I usually regret spending this much money all at once, but never did with this. I'm happy I made the decision to buy this. It's light & easy to take with me everywhere. I take it out whenever I have extra time between classes!When I bought this, this was the new version. However, my sister had the old version and there was little to no difference. Up to you if you want to save some money!
A3PGQMH2DX43Q7->This is my first Apple computer that I bought and wow..I don't know where to start.I was contemplating between the 13" and the 15" but there is such a big price difference.I am glad I chose the 13" because the screen size is perfect for every day use. Plus I don't need the i7 processor.Now to the review:I have had 2 Windows laptops in the last 2 years (HP and Acer).The HP harddrive crashed on me and the Acer is just way too slow.I bought the Apple MacBook Pro MD313LL/A 13.3-Inch Laptop (Fall 2011) version and I can't be happier.The first thing I noticed was how sleek it looked. It is all aluminum and felt like a well-built machine.After turning it on, it look around 15-20 seconds to boot up.The first thing you notice is how crisp all the icons and webpages looked. If you put the computer in maximum brightness, the colors are so vivid. I loaded my personal photo albums and the colors are vibrant. There is hardly any pixelation you get in other pc monitors.The keyboard is a chiclet type which feels so natural when typing. The trackpad is another great innovative part of this computer. You can customize the different gestures on the mousepad to make navigating a more enjoyable experience.The best thing about this product is probably the battery life. I got about 7-8 hours of use with average brightness. I never had this kind of battery life with other PC laptops. I had an ASUS netbook a year ago which gave me about 6-7 hours, but you get a slower processor speed and smaller screen. If you have copy of Windows 7, you can use this laptop to boot it and the interface looks so much better on this machine. You can use products like Pararell 7 or VM Fusion to toggle back and forth from Mac to Windows without ever restarting the computer.Overall, I have nothing bad to say about this product. The Lion OSX makes this computer a fun device to use. The speed is blazing fast. I never experienced any lag or slowness when opening multiple applications or programs. I can already say after using this for a few weeks that I am never touching a PC again!
AO3Q1UL1TUIZS->My son loves it.  At 18, this is his third.  We covered this beautiful aluminum shell with a purple plastic case.  It will protect the aluminum and be NYU color coordinated.
A1K6OO4BFOAM50->UPDATE: The first MacBook Pro they sent was apparently a lemon. I took it to my school's tech department and they couldn't find anything that tested bad but they said the computer just wasn't working right and was running way too slow. Plus there was an intermittent issue with the battery not showing a charge. They encouraged me to ask Amazon for an exchange. Amazon agreed to send me an exchange for free and even refunded my Office download that got wasted. Anyways, the second MacBook Pro they sent me is working much better and so far hasn't bogged down like the last one would do all the time.I would have happily given Mac 5/5 except it is just so slow even after all the updates finished installing compared to my Windows 7 machine with less powerful hardware. There are many design elements of the MacBook Pro I like from the laptop itself to the software. But once again, it's just so slow compared to Windows 7 (at least in my experience, I am expecting this review to get flamed by hardcore Mac users regardless). It seems like I spend a third of my time looking at that little colored pinwheel, which seems especially bad since I have the i7 processor. Honestly, if the Mac was faster, I would probably use it more than my Windows 7 machine. I'm going to try upgrading it from 4GB to 8GB RAM soon to see if that helps. I want to like the Mac so bad, but when my Windows 7 computer does most activities literally 2-3 times faster... Anyways, PLEASE don't leave me comments about how fast your Mac is unless you have tips on how to speed mine up. I am just stating MY experience and not the experience others might have with Mac.
A1DQDEABTVC7J5->Upgraded to macbook pro from discontinued macbook 13". This computer is amazing, couldn't be happier. So much faster than anything that we have had before. Having it shipped for free and tax free is a no brainer. I am going to start getting all my electronics from amazon from now on.
AXIX36B545BSW->This is the first apple product that I've owned. After owning a series of cheap PC laptops that never lasted beyond 2-3 years, I decided to take the plunge and put some money into a nicer product. Well worth the expense. I encourage anyone who, like me, lacks hardcore computing/troubleshooting skills to give the Mac a try. Also, buying through Amazon was the way to go: $100-$200 less than purchasing through Apple.
AW65OB4IYTFNF->I bought it in order to be able to process my pictures during my voyages and, in parallel with my Intuos 5 Small, it performs the job perfectly.I only wish I had more RAM memory, but I will upgrade it to 8gb as soon as possible.As I calculated, it fits perfectly in my camera bag.It took a little to switch from Windows to Apple, but if I din't have any PC, I certainly will buy another Apple.
AYZUUA0UCY576->Please note that this is a review for the February 2011 model but I am posting it here since the configuration is almost the same. (also because more people could read this before buying a MBP)I have been a Windows user since I started using a computer and I never used a Mac OS X till I actually bought a MBP in May 2011. So, this review would really help someone who is considering a Mac for the first time and wants to use it either at school or to remotely connect to work. This article summarizes what you would love and what you could be missing.I previously owned a desktop, a HP laptop and a Compaq laptop before I bought a MBP. Also, I still use Windows machine at work. One of the major reasons I bought the MBP was because it was available on a eBay deal from Macmall for $950. I assumed that if I did not like it, I could always sell it for at least $850 on eBay or Craigslist.Before reading the next part, please do understand that MBP and OS X come together. Things you need to know --**OS XSwitching between applications - This is one of my biggest quirks with OS X. Windows 7 does an awesome job in switching between applications. When you want to switch between the applications, you use ALT+TAB in Windows 7 and this would shift the focus to the next application. In OS X, you can switch between applications by using CMD+TAB but it does not automatically bring up the other application, it just changes the active application in menu bar (if the application was minimized). I never understood the reasoning behind this, why would I just want to see the menu bar of the other application, I cannot imagine doing anything just with a menu bar.After some search on the internet I found the work around to do this in OS X. The answer is to press CMD+TAB followed by the option key (just before releasing the CMD key)  to switch between the applications perfectly. You can also scroll your four fingers on the track pad to bring up all the applications and then highlight the application you want to choose  to change the active application window.  It is simply irritating to switch between keyboard and the track pad when you are typing some document or email. You can also use one of the function key buttons instead of using the four fingers but at the end of the day Windows 7 does a great job here.Please do note that you can only switch directly between applications but not directly to the active window of an application when you used CMD+TAB, for example you cannot switch directly to a second excel workbook, you have to bring up the application first and only then switch to the second workbook. I am aware that there is software available (namely Witch for $14) to do this but I already paid for the machine and why should I go through all this trouble and change the system registry entries to simply switch between applications.-->UPDATE We can also use spaces and assign some shortcuts to spaces(like option+arrow) to make the switch between applications easier but you need to assign a different space to every application and this could be tedious after some time. Also the animations could make you dizzy after a while.Switching within an application - To switch between the various windows of the same application, the answer is to press CMD+~, it works but what if I have 3 open excel workbooks. Same answer as above, scroll the four fingers or press the function key to see all active windows.Taskbar could be a big deal - It is irritating not to have a task bar in OS X. You can never actually know that you had two open excel workbooks or two separate browser windows at a glance. To put this into context, try working in Windows 7 grouping all your applications together all the time, in Windows 7 the users have the option to ungroup individual windows by selecting "Combine only when taskbar is full" in the taskbar properties. The problem with this approach in OS X is that you will never know all the application windows unless you display all the active windows or highlight the application in the docking bar.Also, the docking bar still occupies a substantial amount of screen space even in its minimal size , in Windows 7 the taskbar is comparively small. Due to the screen size and resolution constraints we usually tend to hide this docking bar on the 13" MBP so that we can see the applications in the maximum available screen space. So either compromise on seeing the active applications in docking bar or full screen mode for applications.Again, the app Witch is the answer for taskbar but it will display these active windows only when we press CMD+TAB.Full Screen - I am addicted to see everything in maximized window mode in Windows 7 machines, I could never be satisfied with the default resized small windows, so I installed a free application RightZoom to address this issue. So far, so good.Microsoft Office - The experience of using Microsoft Office on OS X is pretty subpar in comparison to Windows 7, may be it the fault of Microsoft but it is simply pretty hard for someone to transition from Office 2010 in Windows 7 to Office 2011 in OS X. For example, I am used to zooming in and out of Microsoft Word using Ctrl+Scroll Up(on trackpad) and Ctrl+Scroll Down but this option is not available as shortcut in the OS X version of Office. I wanted to type a formula for a cell in Excel and cannot find the formula bar. May be someone can help me if they know a way around enhancing this experience.Quick Links - The docking bar essentially acts likes the quick link shortcuts in Windows  7. CMD+W closes the application and CMD+Q quits the application, you have to be careful enough not to press Q instead of W.Delete button - There is no substitute to Shift+Delete in OS X(CMD+del). Deletion followed by emptying trash is the only way to do it, if you are someone who is addicted to deleting the file at once there is no shortcut.Cut + Paste - There is no such option as 'Cut+Paste' in OS X. If you want to move something to a different folder, you have to copy and paste the file into the target folder and then delete the original from the source folder. Or select the file and carefully drag the file from the source into the target folder.Preview - Preview can be used to view PDF files and image files. Preview can also be used to make some markings in a PDF file, that is pretty cool. But what if I want to see all the pictures in a folder at once using preview, the only option is to select all the images and then right click to open with preview to see the files (In certain situations we can select all images and press space bar and the photos come in a stream slideshow, I learned this recently. Also, every time you open a PDF or an image file the preview application becomes active, I would have preferred the application to quit automatically when I close the image). In summary, it is easier and cooler in Windows 7 to view images.Software Installation - There is no control panel in OS X. Just drag the file into the trash bin and it is gone. It has traces in your system but essentially it is gone for all practical purposes. I like this easy deletion aspect in OS X.VPN Connection - Certain (or many?) VPN connection softwares like Juniper cannot be installed on OS X because some of these VPN connections connect using some plugins that are designed specifically for Internet Explorer, which is not available on OS X. I wanted to connect to work using the Microsoft Office remote desktop client but could not do it due to this restriction .External Applications - All the applications cannot be installed in OS X. There are lots of companies out there that make products just for Windows machines. I had to install StatTools for my course work and the tool could not be installed on OS X, so I had to work from another Windows machine at work on the weekends for my course work. I could have also installed Bootcamp and that comes up next.Bootcamp - I installed Windows 7 using bootcamp on MBP. I observed that Windows 7 is slow and the hard disk makes squeaky noises when you are trying to open an application in bootcamp, also the track pad experience is not the same despite the various drivers and the keyboard layout is obviously different. You can overcome these problems by connecting the MBP to a HDTV or any monitor and then using a wireless Windows keyboard + mouse but then the whole setup is too much hassle and defeats the purpose of a laptop.Wakeup time - The MBP is pretty fast on this aspectOS X Lion - I am still on Snow Leopard and do not see any reason to upgrade to Lion. In fact I observe that a lot of people want to downgrade to Snow Leopard from Lion due to stability issues. The fixes are on their way but do check for performance before the upgrade.**HARDWARETrack pad - This is something you would love to use and a big selling point, you can never think of going back to other laptops after using this. I always used a mouse on the Windows laptops but never even felt the need for a mouse on the MBP. The two finger swipe to scroll and three finger swipe that replace the 'Home' and 'End' buttons, pinch and zoom for PDF document and images are pretty cool options. I was pretty amazed at the track pad when I started learning more about the OS X.Keyboard - Keys are located spaciously. My previous two laptops frequently had dirt stuck in between the keys which used to drive me crazy.Heat - HP and Compaq laptops generate so much heat that you can use them as a personal heater (I used to do it). The whirring sound made by my Compaq laptop's heat fan used to be pretty embarrassing for me in my class or in the meetings, I hated opening the laptop. In a contrast, the MBP is very calm, the fan does go up occasionally when you run some intensive applications such as office (along with some other intensive applications) or play graphic video games but you will hardly notice it.Build - Unibody aluminum build with just 10 screws at the back is something you would appreciate only when you have used other laptops made of plastic material that make creaky sounds every time you lift them. The upper lid of these other plastic material laptops tend to wobble a lot over time but the MBP's lid is pretty stiff even after 7 months of daily use (at least 3 hours a day).Screen - I personally like the fact there is no slight gap between the glossy screen and border of the lid. In other laptops dust gets stuck between the screen and the plastic and it could be really irritating when you cannot remove the dust. Screen quality, there are different manufacturers for the LCD screen, please search for 9CC3, 9CC5 and 9CC7 to know more about this. I have a 9CC3 (luckily) and it is supposed to be the best one available for a 13" MBP.Ports - HDMI port is not available directly but you can buy a 10 feet long HDMI output cable for less than $20.DVD Drive - Other laptops tend to have DVD drive as an attachment but in a MBP it is inseparable (at least by the looks of it). The DVD drives on the two other laptops I owned before MBP used to make a quirky sound when I used to wake them up from sleep or do a restart, no such sounds on the MBP.Battery - The longest battery life out I could extract from MBP was about 6 hours with browsing. That is pretty good considering that other cheaper laptops can only last for 2.5 hours. Of course you can upgrade your battery on the other laptops but you need to compromise on the weight.Power Chord and Charger - One of my friends accidentally tripped over a $1000 Sony Vaio's  power chord and the machine fell on the floor with brute force. I still remember how anxious he was till the machine powered up. This would not happen with a MBP, the chord attaches to the MBP with magnet, in case of an accident the power chord would detach itself and nothing would still happen to the MBP. The adapter is light weight and you can carry it in a backpack (no big bundles like the ones you see for HP and Dell).Function Keys - I use the function keys in Windows 7 machines to close application, essentially which means that I am going to just use F4 for pressing Ctrl+F4 or Alt+F4. I like the Apple's way of function keys, pretty easy to use and only contains what we exactly need. Ctrl+F4 and Alt+F4 are replaced by CMD+W in OS X.Webcam - 720p & perfect for Skype.Backlit Keyboard - If you have not used one before you will love this option.Resale Value - Based on the eBay listings I can say that you could expect to recover 75% of the actual value of a MBP if you maintain it well (if sold within a year of purchase).Apple Warranty - International warranty for 1 year + easy replacement within 3 months + Apple protection for 3 years for $200 (warranty is international again) is really worth it. I felt that my battery was losing its power quickly and Apple Store promptly replaced the battery for me.Cons (the only one)Speakers Sound - Sound is kind of low for me, I really wish that it was louder.So to summarize I am impressed with the hardware by every bit and I really do not have any complaints about the hardware design.******************************************************************************In conclusion, if you are going to use your laptop for Microsoft Office and want to connect to Windows machine through Remote Desktop or VPN, I would recommend not to jump the boat to OS X and instead consider other alternatives listed below. The experience of Microsoft Office, switching between applications and productivity is much better on Windows 7. I am going to still try to adapt to Office 2011 in OS X and if that does not work out I would consider the other Ultrabooks.I would still recommend a MBP if you want to buy a laptop for casual browsing and simple applications at home, the hardware design is pretty awesome.Alternatives to consider - Similar hardware design with Windows 7 would be a very good combination and that brings me to Windows Ultrabooks. Ultrabooks are about the same price (or in most of the cases cheaper than MBP), faster with a SSD and are very appealing with Windows 8 soon on the cards. I read on tech websites that HP Envy Spectre 14, Lenovo U300S, Asus Zenbook, HP Folio 13, Dell XPS and Samsung Series 9 are pretty well built like a MBP but run on Windows 7. Currently, HP Envy Spectre 14 has got the best reviews of all the ultrabooks as of now and Asus is about to release their second iteration of zenbooks soon, so thats some good news if you are a Windows fan.
AN7RRT2211VH8->my first computer i ever use is a mac desktop when i was in 1 grade before i use pc desktop and my own pc laptop, so after i own my own pc laptop it broke down and it freezes a lot, but it last for 7 year i got sick of it. So i decide to buy a new Laptop mac book pro for gaming and music and movies, and its a lot better, faster when it load. but i still need to remember all the basic setting on a mac and new software like the OS X LION.....so the good thing about the mac book pro is that all your data like music, picture and other stuff from a PC, can be transfer to the Mac book pro if your using windows xp, vista, and 7.
A37FG2G2SU0R4H->What can I say about this device - its my favorite thing on the road.  I had bought the 15" model but it was too heavy to carry on the road and then traded it for the 13" model.  Don't let the low weight and profile make you think its not as powerful as your PC computer.Cons* I haven't found one yet - but as soon as I do I will update it.
ADVKHP3TWZLO5->I just returned my one week old brand new Macbook Pro.  The display failed after one week of light use.  So much for the high quality of Apple products. Don't flame since this is my third Apple computer since switching.  Thanks goodness for Amazon's great return policy and their great service.
A2MHKXLQINFZ79->This is an outstanding laptop! The screen, although only 13" , seems much larger. The LCD is bright and sharp. Excellent product!
A1LTYSITH7FPAY->Very nice computer that may not still be available. Great price from Amazon! Easy to use straight out the box with OS 10!
A1BMZKCQFPT6S8->It's my first Mac, I must emphasize its accessibility and usefulness of its applications, such as speed of response to the instructions.
AB9Z91O9LJCT8->The best laptop ever. I love the touchpad. It's nothing like all the other brand laptops. If your the type of person who likes the top of the line laptop, then you shouldnt hesitate to get an apple MacBook pro. You are wasting your time trying to decide what kind of laptop to choose. Apple is the most innovative, they have the best operating system, they are immune to viruses, and all of the above. The price you pay is well worth each buck. The MacBook pro is a great investment, you can't go wrong with it. If you try other brands, your garuntee to get a virus on it and end up wasting ur investment on it and forced to get a new one. So if your looking for the best quality computer, go with apple.
A2JL1ZKJPU7OGR->This laptop is very beautiful and very great, but I upgraded the memory so it would be faster. Now running with 8GB of Ram, I would never switch to another computer. It is so fast that it just blows any windows computer I've used out of the water. This laptop is clean and stays clean, although it gets scratched pretty easily so I might get an invisible shield on it.Zagg invisibleSHIELD for MacBook 13-Inch Unibody Full Body (APPMB2FB)
A1ON2HW67NH43M->It a great MC. I have bought for about one month and I use it every single day, no problems have accrued. Using with fluency!  LIke it very much !!!  Quick shipment.
A16FGULS10A0SS->Amazon had a sale on the refreshed MacBook Pros even after Cyber Monday, so I picked one up. It arrived in 3-4 days, and is exactly what the reviews of the late 2011 MBP say it is. It's for my wife and just hassle-free computing, and it delivers on that promise, with all the bonuses and missing parts of OSX.This is really a review of Amazon. If you like the device, it ships just like from Apple.Only caveat, their free shipping doesn't require a signature, so UPS left it in front of my door while I was traveling for work. Yeah.
A2783DLG9XVVN3->I finally put up the money for a MacBook a few months ago, and I have to say it's one beautiful machine.  Apple's design (both hard and software) is legendary by now, and so I won't go into details on how much I like it, but I will talk about the one thing that bothers me slightly.  For all the beauty and performance and great user experience, it's a little too expensive for my taste, OK I am cheap.  I use many computers, my work machine runs Win7, my home desktop runs Win7 and Linux, I re-built my netbook to run Linux exclusively, and now I have a Mac.  So, for everything the Mac can do, I can find alternatives that perform just, or almost, as well.  For example, I find Picasa works equally well as iPhoto, Safari no better than Firefox or Chrome.  The launch pad is nice, but Ubuntu's launcher is no worse.  From hardware performance's perspective, many window machines are just as good ...So, it comes down to the fact that I don't have emotional connection to Apple products. Don't get me wrong, it's a great, beautiful machine, but I just don't love it like many people do.
A2JBP01TO18QXC->Let me preface this by saying I have always been an advocate for Microsoft/Windows (and still am to a degree, with 8 being the promise of something bold and new). I'm an IT professional and I work with Windows PCs all the time. I originally purchased this just to test the many claims made by Apple and it's fans as to whether this equipment was really what everyone makes it out to be.First impressions: I thought the price looked a little steep given the somewhat anemic specs on the laptop compared to a similarly priced Windows model. The biggest appeal was the appearance; this is a beautiful laptop. Also really liked the back-lit keyboard feature.Upon Use: I can now officially verify that this is indeed a great piece of equipment. It never lags, never is slow to respond, is quite easy to use (especially given my "power-user" status with Windows), and the battery life is actually very good. This machine is not equipped with the Retina Display but somehow still is leaps and bounds better than my ultrabook screen. The machine is also extremely quiet, with the i5 processor producing much less heat and noise than my Windows ultrabook does. I have since bought a Mac Mini as well and have seen the same results even with the i7 processor in the mini.All-in-all very impressed with Apple and their product. I'm still not the biggest fan of the iPhone, but their line of PCs is stellar.
A2ZT1CSHU62UOL->In my opinion this laptop is kind of over-rate. Let me first state that I had a lot of expectation from a Mac not because there is something wrong with me, but because Apple has through its advertisement made it look like the best laptop out there. If I have to sum this laptop in one word, I would say "track pad". Nothing else on this laptop is exceptional. The uni body is good but you will find yourself protecting the scratch prone body more than enjoying it.Also, I want to make it clear that I am not an Apple hater, although I don't see why it should be a problem. I own an iPhone 4S and an iPad 2 and I am totally enjoying them.I will list the pros and cons.Pros:Looks good.Track pad is the best out there.Cons:Fan makes noise.The bottom gets very hot.Hard disk makes the same read-write noises that it makes on other cheap ones.OS is not all that good after all. It is still trying to catch up with Windows in many ways. Windows 7 is a much better OS in my opinion.I think in the end it comes down to the fact that if you spend as much money on a Windows laptop as you do on a MacBook Pro you would never feel the need to shift to a mac and I am going to do just that.At the same time, I will re-consider buying a Mac again when OS X is well groomed and when Macbook gives value for money spent on it. Right now, it behaves like any other laptop in terms on fan noise, heating and does not justify the $1100 point mark.
A2K7AKNMAOACW0->The computer is great for the price!! i just dont like how to update macs you have to buy every software leading up to the newest one instead of just going straight to the new one.
A2V6YGGQ9BVZ4V->First of all, I am a systems engineer doing systems development for the past 15 years or more. I have used the very first versions of windows until windows 7. I have used all kinds of other operating systems like Android, Linux, Unix, Ubuntu etc etc.This is my first Mac and I am very impressed with my 2 days of of usage so far. Getting used to trackpad and gestures took a while but I think I am comfortable now.I upgraded RAM to 8GB (bought Crucial sticks from Amazon). Removing back cover needs some mastery of tools but when I removed the factory RAM and installed new sticks, they were recognized instantly and the macbook became even faster. If you are a normal email/simple app user, there is absolutely no need to upgrade memory. 4GB of memory is more than enough for this OS.I could configure VPN in minutes (compared to hours on a windows PC) and it works right out of the box. There is no unnecessary software that came with this Mac and no need to uninstall anything. No virus issues as well. Everything simply works. No crashes or freezes so far.I am an avid Google chrome user but when I saw how fast the Safari browser is, I didn't even think of installing Chrome on this.When the screen backlight is set to 50%, battery lasts for about 7.5 hrs with light usage. Video/Youtube etc strains the battery a bit more.Hardware is a work of art and there are no complaints about it. Looks and feels beautiful and very sturdy.I expect to use this notebook for at least 5 years if not more.If you are also a windows user and thinking of moving to Mac, just don't think. Do the plunge and you won't repent. I gaurantee it.Thanks,Sam.
A1RQB4KKV5U4TF->If you're looking for incredibly fast processing speeds, a fantastic battery life, and craftsmanship second to none, they you want this MacBook Pro. I'm delighted with it. Leaves PC Laptops miles behind!
A1JAFBJ5O6Q8FD->This is without a doubt one of the best computers that I've ever owned and used! For those wondering, the specs I have on mine are: 2.8 GHz dual-core Intel Core i7 processor, 4 GB of memory, and a 128 GB solid state drive. The SSD is probably the best part of my MacBook Pro. In terms of speed, I think SSDs just leapfrog right over traditional hard drives. One of the things I hate about hard drives is that there's a bottleneck that restricts how fast they can go. There is virtually no bottleneck with an SSD. Both reading and writing to the SSD here in this MacBook Pro is exceptionally fast. Also, it makes boot-up, shutdown, and sleep extremely fast. Even the first boot up was blazing fast! Since there are no moving parts with an SSD, it is absolutely silent. The only thing that might hinder some people about upgrading to an SSD is the price. As most of us know, the price of traditional hard drives (despite the flooding in Thailand) is much lower than that of SSDs. Flash memory is still quite expensive nowadays. But, I'm sure as more SSD manufacturers keep springing up in the marketplace, the price of them will hopefully soon go down, become standard, and (hopefully) have capacities as giant as some current hard drives. Another thing that I like about the MacBook Pro is the keyboard, which I'm using right now to type this review. Now that I've had my MacBook Pro for a little over a day now, I've come to appreciate the chicklet-style keys that Apple uses in all of their keyboards. It's nice and quiet, and it is such a joy to type on! It is also backlit, which really helps in low-light situations. The trackpad on here is also of excellent quality. It does a much better job of tracking than my previous Dell Inspiron 1525, and it can do things that it couldn't do. The speakers, in my opinion, could be better. Sure, they sound OK and are loud enough (much louder than my Dell Inspiron 1525 at that), but they still could be a little better. Apple's site advertises that this model has a subwoofer built-in to the internal speakers. I think that is kind of a lie. There is virtually no bass. But, that's OK because I'm still using my Logitech AudioHub speakers, which do indeed have a built-in subwoofer. All in all, it's a great laptop for someone looking for a quality product, and Apple doesn't fail at all in doing that. The difference in quality between this laptop and my previous one is night and day!
A2WH8WZXQSM05->We bought this for our daughter who is a professional traveler.  She uses it to file her expense reports and loves this computer for its size and power.
A3QN989EY6RW9I->Love it.I would mention to people that you can't go wrong with the i5 version of this computer. Keep in mind that both the i5 and the i7 versions of the 13", both have dual-cores. Once I came across that in my research, getting the much cheaper i5 was a no- brainer.This computer is also a beast. It's fast, powerful and has plenty of HD space to store plenty of Virtual Machines and other assorted junk. I do web development work and being able to have a single laptop that can triple boot (OS X, Linux, Windows) is fantastic.
A3OMX4O7D4GZG5->Purchased a month before the new one came out.  Got a better deal because of it.  Love the computer.  Mainly browse the internet. Have done some projects in iPhoto but overall love it.  Would recommend this to others.
A2ATXVDSRI1WLO->It's taken awhile to get used to the difference between a Mac and a PC but everything is so much more natural feeling with the Mac operating system.  This product is also so much more stable and fast compared to my windows based computers.  If you need reliability this is definitely the way to go.However, for the hardware, this is way more expensive than your average laptop.  If you know what you are doing, and money is really your thing, I'd recommend building your own with compatible components and Mac OS.  If not, this is the way to go.
AC4HFVG0D2UM->I've never owned a Mac before. I always had a hard time justifying the difference in price between a MacBook and HP Laptop. But after going through 3 hp laptops (because of viruses), and seeing my brother use his same MacBook Pro without ever having any problems I decided to give it a go. I CANNOT express how happy I am to be a Mac user now. It is head and shoulders about HP/Windows. I can't believe I used to be so negative about these guys. I would make my decision over and over if given the chance, and I recommend anyone that is in a position to afford a Mac, BUY IT! It's the difference between owning a Zune and an iPod. You can't compete with Apple.
A2RFUV7P2ZQGJ0->The screen is gorgeous.  It doesn't feel like I am working on a screen that is only 13".  And such a great keyboard.  The best keyboard I have ever had on a laptop.  I've wanted to make the switch to Mac for several years.  (Always had a fondness for Apple ever since I had a Apple IIc.)  But the price always kept me on Windows.  Back in December, I finally made the switch and I am so glad I did.  I really see why people who have Macs love them.  It is worth making the move.
A3O249OLH61S1K->I have been an Apple laptop owner for the last 6 years now. The MacBook Pro line is, of course, at the top of Apple products. The setup of this machine was smooth. I was able to transfer all of the data and applications from my previous MacBook Pro to this new gadget without any issues at all. It is faster. It has more memory. I vote for the upgrade. Do it!
A3K3KNQZJ77A2H->It's so easy to use, i just changed from pc, and its really friendly.Graphics and performance are great. I got the 2.8 ghtz, it works perfect.
AOGZK5QVBU5KF->This is the fastest, greatest computer/laptop I've ever used.  Aside from the speed, it's so streamline and beautiful that I don't think I'll ever purchase another windows pc EVER again!  I was on the market for a laptop for school and everyone told me that Mac is top-of-the-line.  I was very reluctant to spend the money, however, I am so glad I did!  I could have gotten a Toshiba laptop for $400 and it would have served its purpose after purchasing the Microsoft Office software for another $150.  But it would not have been this fast and it would likely have "broken down" within a few years.  I was able to get Apple's apps that are every bit as good as the Microsoft Office programs (word, excel, powerpoint) and a hell of a lot cheaper ($20 each)!  LOVE this laptop!
A3B8H6ZNNX0BCO->My son, who is a Systems Administrator, was visiting & he convinced me to buy it.  He installed more ram & I am one happy person.I am delighted with the speed & all other fun aspects of being it's owner!
A4S2WAQVQR6PI->almost perfect in every way this MacBook Pro albeit "expensive' (ouch) does everything very, very well - curious to me that the same components in a Win7 configuration don't perform nearly as well which clearly shows why OS X is the superior OS - very pleased with this purchase
ANERTGACZHF6V->Well, I don't use mac so heavily. But I don't know what's the difference with new mac except the price...lol... It is good enough for my daily work! Love it.
A1K4TMP02E671->I think I will never buy a normal PC again, I'm just learning how to use it but I think its easy, when I don't know how to do something i just look for information on google and done.
A14AV6T820YPOB->Bought a desktop and decided to try the laptop.  So easy to use, and no nasty viruses!  I won't go back to a regular PC.
A3MO9A4J1EJWVG->First, just sec of background.  I know PC's pretty well and I was the guy all my relatives had me log in remotely to update their virus software, do defragmentations, run Ccleaner and other utilities and just fix problems.  I like feeling useful and having the knowledge to keep all that malware off computers and it felt like a community service but, after awhile, I became annoyed after all those years trying to "save" people from problems and gird myself and them against all that outside stuff PC users are or should be protecting themselves from.  I personally never got any malware that I know of or viruses that brought down my system but was constantly working to update my system and keep those things at bay.Before switching to Mac, I researched the likelihood of getting malware or viruses on a Mac vs PC and found lots of answers but many experts seemed to suggest that it was just because Mac was less well known that bad people were not writing so many viruses and malware for Mac but that you just, well, never know.  It was a matter of time, they said, before Macs would be hit big time and it would be similarly less secure like PC's are.  But everyone I knew who owned Macs never seemed to have any issues like that.  When you would ask them about viruses or malware, they would seem to think the question was quaint, like asking about a long lost relative they just barely remember.  No, they hadn't but they would seem compassionate that you were still "on the other side" and hadn't quite "seen the light" yet.  I did read about some Mac malware but these were gotten by people getting onto illegal download sites and then getting hit with Macdefender or whatever it was called.  Any reasonable user wouldn't likely have gotten it and Apple came out with a fix for it anyway eventually.Before seeing and using the Mac OS, I was happy with Windows 7 on the PC aside from the aforementioned work I had to do to keep it secure.  But 7 looks pretty low quality compared to Mac OS X Lion.  I won't say much more here (although if astute you can probably ascertain my preference) because you have to try it for yourself.  I suppose it is possible to like 7 over this Mac system but you be the judge.  7 is certainly light years beyond XP.  Let's not even discuss Vista.So I decided to switch to Mac last July and was very impressed with the 2011 iMac I bought so was finding any excuse I could to buy this laptop as well.  I was originally going back and forth with the Air 13 inch but did not like the harshness of the screen.  Many of the reviews said that the better resolution on the Air was an advantage over the MBP 13 but my eyesight is not that great and things are smaller on the screen with the Air.  I am used to and love the glossy screen on the iMac so was drawn to this Macbook Pro (also colors on the MBP look richer and more attractive to me).  My next worry was that the MBP 13 screen would be too glossy if used outdoors as some have said.  Well I haven't been outdoors so no issue yet. Then I worried that 13 inches would be too small and spent quite a bit of time at the Apple store trying to figure out if I wanted to spend the extra money on the 15 inch and should I get the high-res glossy or matte or just the normal res 15?  After my head spinning for awhile, I settled on this Macbook Pro 13 and have not regretted my decision for a second.  Also I saved $600 over the 15 inch.The problems with the Air 13 over the Pro 13 that many have not considered is that the Air's RAM memory is soldered to the board.  This means that once you are out of warrantee, if the RAM fails (which CAN happen), open up your wallet because (the rep at the Apple store said that) it would cost around $600 for repair.  You can't upgrade the RAM on the Air either.  If you want to replace or add RAM for the Pro, it costs not much and pretty easy to do I hear (just go on Amazon or Crucial and look up the cost).  Odds are you probably won't need more RAM.  I upgraded the RAM on my iMac and noticed some difference but I am using Final Cut Pro so likely needed in that case.Also, while the Air has a much more reliable and faster (although much less space-if that is important) solid state drive (as opposed to the 500 GB 5400 RPM hard drive on the Macbook Pro), I've heard that you can always later upgrade this on the Pro if need be.  I have not seen any hard drive access slowdowns yet on the MBP but have not done any really intensive things like using Final Cut with it.All in all, if you are looking for advice and trying to decide, go to the Apple store and try the Air and Pro before buying.  You may notice differences in the keyboard feel, screen look and resolution and, of course, size and weight.  If you want something really portable and possibly faster and not doing anything too strenuous, the Air may be the ticket.  On the other hand, if you like the glossy screen and don't mind the lower resolution, the Pro may work for you.  Plus, you save money with the Pro which is an added bonus.Oh, and one more thing (wink wink).  Everyone seems to suggest getting the Applecare which upgrades the phone support from 90 days to three years and the hardware warrantee from one to three years.  With an education discount the price goes down and you can find it if you look in the right place for a significant discount.  I have called Applecare several times and am reaching the U.S. and Canada with support employees who are consistently friendly, largely knowledgeable and easy to understand.  No script reading here.  Maybe not the case with other companies regarding their support.  One that comes to mind rhymes with "hell."
A1HZKRIWY5DBKC->I have been using my new mac book pro 13 for one month, and it is excellent so far. I love it so much,
A1ICLDJQMQXGW4->Battery life seems a little shorter than what I expected from all the net reviews. But I'm just being picky here. Otherwise, great laptop to own and use.
AZ97V84X0DCEC->I replaced an aging PowerBook G4 that had some memory problems with this beauty, and it has never once -- not ONE time -- let me down.  I had everything backed up on external drives and copying everything over took about 1% of the time backing it up took on the G4.Late last year I put 16GB in this lil baby and she runs like a Ferrari now.  Not that she didn't run fast before, mind you.  I'm wishing I'd gotten the 750GB drive now, but an external iTunes library and a 2TB network storage drive helps keeps things in perspective.  Even with all of the stuff I have on it, I'm only using 75GB.The only reason I have Windows 7 on here is for graduate coursework. the 16GB helps there, too.
A1LCX0064Z2GII->The reviews here are for the MD313LL/A, yet the computer is actually MD314LL/A, which has a faster processor and bigger hard drive.The MD314LL/A features a 2.8 GHz i7 processor, integrated Intel 3000 graphics and a 750 GB hard drive.  I've never owned an Apple laptop before, so there was a little bit of a learning curve.  Now that I'm getting the hang of it, I'm beginning to like OSX Lion better than Windows.  Programs can be run on separate virtual desktops, and the computer never misses a beat when several programs are active.  Switching between different desktops or open programs can be done by merely sliding three fingers forward on the large touchpad.  Control-clicking on words or phrases in Safari brings up a context sensitive menu which allows the user to select to view a dictionary, Wikipedia, or do a Google search in a pop-up window in the browser. You can also ask the computer to speak the word or phrase, if you have any doubts about pronunciation.  Safari also includes links to a library of plug-ins at extensions.apple.com, which includes a plug-in for Flash, so you can now watch free Hulu videos and other videos online.  The network preferences window makes it far easier than Windows to set up a list of public DNS servers to bypass the sometimes slow, glitchy ISP servers.This computer is completely silent. I wasn't even sure it had a cooling fan until I downloaded a utility to monitor the fan speed.  This computer is super fast, and the base plate never gets more than lukewarm.  The light weight, small footprint, lighted keyboard, crisp screen and speed really make this computer shine.The attention to detail is really outstanding.  The cooling vents on the back of the base are completely covered by a sliding plate when the lid is closed, keeping dust out of the innards. The power supply has flip out legs for winding the cord for storage and the prongs can be removed so it can be used as a brick type supply with the supplied AC cord. The computer also has a green LED battery status gauge built into the left side of the base, which is activated by a flush button.  The lid snaps shut quietly even though there are no cheesy stick-on rubber bumpers, and it is held closed by magnets. The built in light sensor shuts off the keyboard backlighting and brightens the display in bright ambient light. The computer also has a 3 axis accelerometer to protect the hard drive from damage. The attention to detail is why Macs are more expensive than the various PC clones.
A1803ZUUI5BPUK->I have been a PC user all my life, but when it came to looking at new laptops, none really compared to the MacBook Pro. The 13.3 inch version is perfect for travelling with as it is tiny and very light weight. It is durable enough that I'm not concerned about it bouncing around in the bag, as I would be with some of the new ultrabooks. The downside to this is that the battery life says it is around 7 hours, and mine is fairly low after 4 hours, but that is also using it for 4 hours straight. For those users switching from PC, it is very easy to get the hang of the Mac. I will most likely continue to purchase Mac now.
A3A7ML2D3JU67S->After having been a user of Windows based computers for the past 21 years, I felt it was time for a change.  My last computer was a Compaq Presario that I bought in '07, and after a little over four years, its on it last legs.  I bought it with Vista installed on it and was sick and tired of the irritating crashes, screen freezes, time intensive updates, etc.  Additionally, it reached the point a couple of months ago where, I started getting messages saying an application failed, and shortly after that, the screen would flicker, and the entire taskbar along the bottom of the screen would just disappear.  About 15-20 minutes later, it would flicker and reappear.  If I was downloading anything when it flickered, I would lose it and have to start all over while dealing with the screen continously freezing.  So yesterday I went to the Apple store and bought a Macbook Pro and the only thing I have to say after having had it for 24 hours, is what took me so long?  Its a breeze to setup, not to mention it boots up in like 10 seconds and is ready to go.  No more waiting two or three minutes for my computer to boot up, followed by another minute or so for my home screen to populate itself and finally be ready for use.  I really like the Facetime camera and all of the effects you can create in it using iPhoto.  I'm still getting acclimated to Mac OS X Lion but thats not a problem.  To anyone considering making switch, I say go for it...you won't regret it.UPDATE:  3/1/11 Just attempted to create my first DVD using iMovie and I had planned to use iDVD but found that newer model MAcbook Pros are no longer being shipped with iDVD as a part of the iLife suite.  After speaking with Apple, I found that iDVD was discontinued because you can now create DVDs using the Finder menu.  This is a great product.
A3SWQBLVMWBYFK->I purchased my macbook from my school preloaded with some required software.  So far it has been a pain.  It has corrupted pdf files several times, as well as a couple of powerpoints.  The charging cable is pretty cool, but it doesn't actually work on mine.  It won't remember my settings, safari freezes up the entire machine from time to time, and for some reason when all I do is touch the touch pad the little rainbow wheel comes up and spins around for a good while before it decides to work again.  For this kind of money I could have bought something significantly better.
A35UBKBDQFK47W->The Mac Book Pro 13&#34; is a perfect Laptop if you want use it for your home.  If you are willing to make a lot of Foto and video editing, you should buy more RAM memory, up to 8 or 16 GB.
A388X9B2K05JPW->Once we got past the frustration of not knowing how to do anything, this laptop has worked great for us.  It's super easy to transfer all your existing files to the new laptop... however, it wasn't so easy for us to find the files!  We finally figured out they were under a different User ID / Login.  This totally could have been user error as we had no idea what we were doing.  It's very fast and sleek.
A1GCILHHQMLSX1->I bought this computer mostly for schoolwork and scientific programming but was pleasantly surprised that I can play steam games with very high quality settings and no lag.  You can't max out the graphics for the games but you can play, for instance, left 4 dead 2 and Half life 2 at high video quality with no noticeable lag aside from some minor slowdowns while fighting a huge horde.  I'm glad I saved that cash and didn't buy the next tier Macbook Pro since even though it has a more powerful graphics card I apparently don't need it to play the games I wanted to play.  My Xbox360 broke a few years back and i'm glad I can play the games I used to play there on this Macbook with pretty much the same graphics and performance if not better. If you don't want to game on this laptop you will probably never need anything other than what comes with the computer (aside from libre office or whatever office program suite you prefer).I recommend this laptop to literally everybody.  I haven't really needed anymore power than what this laptop delivers so average users can rest assured that this will suit their needs.
A28PRUXS2D896Q->This is my second Macbook and although I haven't had a replacement for my first in about two years, this Pro feels like I've been reunited with an old and well loved friend.  This baby is a sleek and slim number that hardly gets warm or makes noise. Its a thing of beauty. The multitouch trackpad is an exceptional invention. It makes surfing the web effortless! On a whole, this macbook performs well and I'm very impressed with the attention Apple has paid to every single detail -it shows in the seamless way it works and feel and I'm sure every user will notice it. I'm glad I returned to a familiar friend...can't believe I waited so long.
A2K5ZEQODO25Z9->love apple products, this is just the right size for taking along to where ever i will need it, love everything about it
AV54ATNLVJWO5->I received one of these for work and absolutely love it. I have been a PC user all my life, but I have not had a better computing experience. I still prefer Windows 7 to OSX, but I can always just fix that with Boot Camp or Parallels. The keyboard is excellent, second only to the Thinkpad keyboards, the touchpad is the best by fair with all the intuitive gestures and responsiveness, and the overall feel/look of the laptop makes the Apple tax worthwhile. The screen is a little lackluster, but I hope that it will get a retina display upgrade. If I owned this, I would install an SSD as the boot drive and replace the optical drive with the HDD. All the speed gains of the Air without trading off hard drive space. I don't know how the battery life would last having to power both drives though, it'd be difficult to learn to live with a laptop that has less than 7 hours battery life.
A14B4V46BC5GIO->i finally made the switch from a PC to a mac and love it!! i'm so happy! i'm not going back.  the item was delivered quickly.  everything seems to work.
A1ZI990RBFLR8Y->I've always loved Apple products and this one is no exception.  I recently sold my Mid-2010 so I could upgrade to the latest revision and am happy I did.  The laptop is rock-solid, great battery life, and includes iLife11 which is nice for multimedia/etc.The construction on the MacBook Pros are second to none, but seriously consider a laptop cover/case to protect your investment from scuffs and scratches.  Incase makes a good one.There's not a lot I can say here besides if you want to get a Mac and don't want to break the bank get this model.Good: Build quality, long battery life, powerful, efficientBad: 4GB of memory is not enough for most people, 500GB-5400 Sata HDD is SLOWSuggestions:  Upgrade to 8GB RAM, purchase a SSD Intel or Vertex are pretty good.
A2W5C08XYGKQJ6->I wish I had enough time to write the long, detailed review I want to write. It will have to be enough to say that I am more than happy with my Macbook Pro. I had used Windows based laptops and notebooks (Toshiba, Acer) for the last 5 years and I can't see myself going back for anything. This computer is FAST. It is stylish. It's not cheap, but it's durable. When you think of the fact that the first graphing calculators were as expensive as a MacBook Pro (and that during a time when money was worth a lot more) it's not hard to believe that this is worth it.I play COD 4: Modern Warfare and Batman Arkham Asylum on it daily with no glitches or slowdowns. There are Mac versions of all my favorite PC applications (like Skype and Firefox - though I prefer Safari to Firefox) and not surprisingly iTunes WORKS on this machine where it failed on my low RAM Windows PC.I have not been dissapointed with my purchase in the SLIGHTEST. I'm glad I ordered from Amazon and saved myself $100.
A2B3JOWNX3NHL1->Very satisfied with this product. Its well worth the investment to have this very dependable machine and cutting edge software loaded on this laptop. I did purchase MS Office (no e mail) since as a business person I must use also most records are kept on PP, word or excel. To sum up, this laptop meets my requirements and I'm very pleased with Amazon's quick delivery of this product.
A8QN66KPSMZT->Apples makes the Best Products, especially the MacBook Pro.  Greatest computer, to carry with you when traveling. &#34;Thank You&#34; Apple
A2FNH3WCXYL6C->I ordered mine recently and I got it 2 days ago.. I was very excited but when I started to type for the first time more then 10 keys came off and there was a huge crack in the screen the 3rd time I turned it on.. never buy apple they suck.
A39L24UDN2DBYY->My family has always been a Mac family. We have videos of me sitting at our old Mac Tower and typing random letters into Indesign. I don't actually have my MacBook Pro yet, but my mom has one and as do my friends. I have to say, the MacBook Pro is incredible! It's fast, though will occasionally freeze, the battery life is awesome unless you're running many complicated applications and other fancy schmancy things at once, and the physical computer is really nice. The keyboard is really fun to type on and the trackpad is awesome. I can't wait to get my Mac!
A2UACMCOBQW9QD->Don't BUY A LAPTOP TO EDIT VIDEOS OR MIX AND RECORD MUSIC, AFTER 2 YEARS of MIXING MUSIC AND ONE YEAR OF EDITING VIDEO, MY FAN WOULD RUN CONSTANTLY. THEN AFTER ANOTHER YEAR OF THAT ANNOYANCE, IT WAS TIME TO BUY A NEW BATTERY AND CHARGER FOR THE COMPUTER, ONE WEEK LATER THE FAN LOCKED UP COMPLETELY. MY LAPTOP WAS DEAD, AND MY MOST RECENT MUSIC VIDEO AND BEST PROJECT DIED LOCKED AWAY INSIDE IT FOREVER, WHAT A JEP.. IF YOUR GOAL IS TO MAKE PROJECTS LIKE THIS, BUY A DESKTOP. OTHERWISE UNDERSTAND THAT WHEN YOUR FAN WON'T STOP RUNNING, YOU HAVE ABOUT A YEAR LEFT OF LIFE IN THE DAMN THING, AND IF YOU HAVE TO CHANGE THE BATTERY AND YOU WILL AND YOU WILL HAVE TO BUY A NEW CHARGER, THEN IT IS OVER, MY MACBOOK PRO ONLY SURVIVED 4YEARS, WHAT A PIECE OF GARBAGE, GET A DESKTOP
A13DR8LC9UACVR->This is a really nice product made for the human being who does stuff on the internet or uses it for specific applications. It does everything I want and more. Apple did a great job with the &#34;scratch pad&#34; it is so easy to navigate that this feature alone sells the laptop.Because it is based on a Linux kernel all the utilities I want and expect in a unix box are there for me to use. Most products that are available for Linux have been ported to MAC. The migration from my old macbook was a snap.There are also a lot of opportunities to take advantage of the Apple market place and cloud offerings, but this is not required to enjoy a truly great tool.
A1OA7ZKRQH98C8->UPDATE ON 5/31/12:  I returned the computer.  The final straw was the constant popups using the family filter.  The filter doesn't allow secure https websites, and it seemed that every website you visited it was trying to connect to 3 or 4 of them.  Even going to a website like Sports Illustrated, it would popup that it didn't allow about three secure websites, like facebook.com, and some random ones that I've never heard of before.  But you could go straight to the website, albeit the unsecure one, so I don't know what the point was.  I started just logging in and accepting all the websites that the filter was warning me about, but it never stopped.  If you google this problem, this has been an issue for many years with Apple users.  I just expect more from a computer if I'm going to pay that much for it.  The good news is that I've grown to love our iPad, which allows me to quickly access the Internet, which is what I mainly use a laptop for, anyway.VERDICT:  Macs can be considered the Lexus of computers.  You pay more, and you expect more.  But just like a Lexus might give you problems, and there may be things about the car you don't care for, the same things go for Macs.  Do you drive a Lexus in real life, or is a Toyota good enough?  Even if the Toyota uses the same engine and chassis?  I drive a Toyota, but decided to splurge on this MacBook.  I'm glad I got it, at the least to see what the fuss is about.  This is my first Apple since my 1985 Apple IIc, and it's a very nice product.  But I'm not convinced to buy a Mac for my next computer.There is basically a rivalry between Apple aficionados and people who don't understand what makes Macs so great.  The success of iPhones have made Apple people even more intolerable (and increased their numbers).  What a lot of people don't realize is that Office is the top selling software for Macs in the world.  So they basically buy an Apple to run Microsoft products.  And if Windows was the piece of crap that Apple people say it is, then it would have gone the way of the Yugo by now, rather than being on 95% of personal computers.  Granted, a huge reason that Windows is so popular is that it runs on computers that don't have a huge markup on their hardware.  Don't be mistaken that the hardware is blessed by Apple; they use the same vendors.  A Dell Inspiron 14R laptop has a 14" monitor, Intel i5 2.5GHz processor, 6GB 1333MHz DDR3 RAM, and a 750GB hard drive for $640.00.  This MacBook Pro has a 13.3" monitor, Intel i5 2.4GHz processor, 4GB 1333MHz DDR3 RAM, and a 500 GB hard drive for $1,200.00.  Both have USB ports, DVD drives, etc.  So you're practically paying twice as much for something that isn't quite as nice, as far as hardware goes.  Yes, Windows is put on some crappy computers (I'm looking at you, HP/Compaq), but you can't use the crappiest Windows computers as an example of Mac's superiority.  There are a few other hardware differences, like the Thunderbolt port, which is basically a fancy name for their HDMI port.  And they have magnets to hold the lid shut and attach the power cord, which are so minor they are hardly worth mentioning.As far as Mac OS X vs. Windows 7, let me be the first to say that Windows 7 is a huge disappointment, although better than Vista was.  I wish we could still get Windows XP.  It's almost like Windows is trying to get too cute, a.k.a. more like a Mac.  And Mac does some things much easier than Windows, such as the Family Filter.  It's already on the Mac, and super easy to set up on profiles.  With Windows, you have to download it, install it, then sign up for their crap, blah, blah, blah.  But there are some things I really miss from Windows, like a right click button (you can hold down one of the keyboard buttons on the Mac to get the menus, however).  And I like having my open programs on the taskbar in Windows, instead of that icon bar on Macs, where it's not clear what programs are open.  There are some other minor learning curves, like the close window button is on the left instead of the right, and the infamous Ctrl+Alt+Del combo is some other keys, which I forgot.  You get to scroll and zoom using two fingers, which are neat tricks.  But I wish there was a way to lock the computer (like you can with Windows) so updates could continue to be downloaded while you're away from the computer.  If you log off, sleep, or shut down the computer, the downloads stop.  You have to wait until the screen saver kicks in to keep the downloads going and not worry about someone getting on your profile.As far as software goes, that big problem has basically gone away.  Microsoft Office on the Mac can open files made from Windows, and vice versa.  All the major programs are available for Mac, like Firefox, Google Chrome, Quicken, Openoffice, etc.  And the Mac comes with some great programs to edit video and pictures.  A program would have to be pretty remote to require only Windows.  And if that's the case, then you can even buy Windows ($100) and install it on your Mac, so you wouldn't need a separate computer.Basically, the reason I bought it is because my wife and kids are in love with their iPod Touches and iPads.  But I don't believe Apple products have halos over them.  I personally can't stand iTunes.  Amazon is WAY better; they don't require a download, it's easier to group your songs, and you don't have to worry about trying to convert the files to MP3s so they can play on non-Apple products.  I think the iPod Nano is not user-friendly with its scroll wheel.  I prefer Chrome and Firefox over Safari.  (IE? Yuck.)  And replacing your battery yourself voids your warranty?  Not everyone lives next door to an Apple Store to get the battery replaced.I think that if Apple sold their Macs more in line with what they are worth, their market share would increase tenfold, but it looks like they prefer for Google to try to come up with something to threaten Microsoft's market stranglehold.  For now, I believe the reason people buy Macs is the same reason that people buy Lexuses.  They think their product is so much better to warrant the price tag.  I plan to enjoy this MacBook, just like I plan to continue to enjoy my Windows desktop.  But I'm not sure about the hype that they are worth twice as much as a Windows computer from a reputable manufacturer.  And although Lexus is a better car, I'm not trading my Toyota in for one, either.
A1IN2YXZNMZREA->I've been working on an iPad app for five months on this Macbook Pro. I will come forth and admit I've traditionally been a PC person and I appreciate the flexible environments it offers for businesses, programmers, and developers as well as providing tools to create complex business-geared applications. Mac OS X, as pleasant as it is to use, has such a controlled experience to the point it dampens technical creativity. I can't help but compare the MacBook to a game console like the Xbox or PS3. It restricts your activities to just consuming media rather than creating anything with the exception of movies, music, and visual publications. Granted Microsoft Office did get re-released for Mac OS X, it still condones an environment of massive media consumption and consumer amusement rather than productivity. I understand that was the intent though. Apple wanted to create an experience that they defined and controlled to keep the user experience streamlined. But Apple is out to solve people's personal problems and create consumer amusement, not solve the technical problems of the world businesses faces every day. It's a cruel irony that Apple claims to unleash people's creativity but then turns around and dictates everything the user cannot do. I am not allowed to make an app without a $100 fee and an approval process conducted by them, and I certainly cannot explore the technical beauty of Apple technology that they have so securely locked down.The tools to create programs on Mac OS X and iOS were a major disappointment to me. I really wanted Apple XCode to be pleasant to use so I could pursue making mobile apps on my own time, but it was like programming in the 1990's. Everything about Objective-C is so archaic and dated, and Apple knows this as it scrambles producing massive updates that completely overhaul the coding patterns every three months. If you buy a book on Apple programming, you can expect to have a nice paperweight within three months. The debugging tools are a nightmare and unless you are a hardcore C programmer do not expect this to be some nice, shiny Visual Studio-esque IDE. Although each massive update to Xcode adds new features that improves the coding experience (like ARC garbage collection, praise Jesus!), the obsolescence of prior coding paradigms creates massive headaches for programmers.  Apple is so far behind when it comes to serving developers' needs because every app and line of code was done in-house by Apple until recently. They had to open up iOS a little and let non-Apple employees make apps.In summary, Apple makes consumer products and consumer solutions, not enterprise or developer. Do not buy a Macbook expecting it will help you be productive especially in enterprise or business settings. It primary purpose is consumption and making it otherwise takes a ton of work.
A247FOSO7B3S3X->Alright.. I read most reviews before buying. Most of the negative reviews don't make sense.  I'm not sure why the people that wrote them feel so angry about Apple stuff. Maybe they did get lemons. Not sure. I'm very computer savy. Been using selling and enjoying computers since late 80's. I used to sell them at Price Club, now Costco, when the max proccessor speed was 4.77MHz and and two 5.25 inch floppys...360k. 8088 computerThen came 286, then 386, then 386sx, dx, 486 and so on....My first laptop....386 with 20mb hardrive and monochrome screen....Owned & operated a bulletin board out of Anchorage prior to Gore "inventing" the internetI know most have clicked past this uninteresting review..but listenThis is an amazing machine...Some say Apple is over priced. Please consider anything that compares to a pc lap/note computer that has the build quality of the unibody MBP.Won't find anyI love my Dell Studio 8000 desktop  at my house. Very powerfull and can do anthing I throw at it, but I also like Mac.Lion 10.7 was defiantly different than what I was used to with windows 7. But not that much different.I really like Safari and am know using it instead of IE on my desktop.I am computer literate. Mac or PC...doesn't matter. I just really appreciate both and am very thankfull and impressed with the current technology.I added 512gb ssd drive and 16gb ram.  Overkill..ya probably.Conclusion.....MacBook is a work of art...so durable and so attractive..very solid build......
AO3UKM4GY77RZ->Frankly the best laptop I've ever have the fortune of owning - hands down.  Nothing else comes close.And not only that, but buying it in the States rather than the UK saved me over $500.Need I say more?
A67PEUWH6O159->Could be better.Tired of having to replace my cheap computers and spending all that money for something with poor performance.Over all the MacBook is put together well. The rubber seems stay in place, the power button is flush with unparalleled precision. Doesn't have a cheap feel to it.i5 processor can handle most jobs fairly well. Not powerful enough to play games or do any heavy-duty video processing, but mild video processing is acceptable. Only 2 usb ports which takes some getting used to and it's expensive to replace parts. For example the one I got was used of course so one of the ports doesn't work and the track pad sucks compared to using a mouse. A splitter might solve that problem for you.Also since this is high performance you might want to get a cooling pad to keep your lap from catching fire and some plugs to keep the dust and stuff out of the external ports and holes and such and forts and poles and lunch.
A1PC5FAFR4J6A0->Flawless product.  Apple makes great quality products.  You get what you pay for.  Wish it came with a system DVD though considering Apple has so much money.
A20VV6RH05D73F->I have no problems with this MacBook, it's exactly what I expected. Now with boot camp, I can open windows on this mac and my wife, who doesn't know mac, is able to use it.
A24OVREVSL49Q6->I've used Mac machines - mostly laptops - since 1986. My Macbook purchased in 2006 still works great, but wanted to upgrade and use it as a backup in the event it bites the dust (I live in another country where the environment is harsh and hardware costs more). The Macbook Pro 13.3 inch, now the entry level Apple hard drive laptop, does everything well that I need from multi-lingual word processing, producing songs and movies, photo management to everyday functions like web browsing and listening to audio files. You get more bang for your buck on this unit than on the earlier Macbooks. The Lion OS it runs on is sleek. The only drawback (which probably is ultimately a technological plus) is their cutting Rosetta - unlike earlier operating systems, Lion does not process the older Power PC software, which simply means the cost of software upgrades to more streamlined products. Amazon gave me the best price for the unit and delivered it fast.
A3PTZ0XUSVNPB7->This computer is just disgusting.......:( I expected to get my money's worth! Yes its the in thing but i thought i had a year warranty and turns out I didn't. My battery is too hot to hold from day one and i can smell it burning....for a 1500 dollar computer Apple sold me A PIECE OF CRAP MacBook PRO! Pro at giving problems!!!!!! X_____X
A1U50GGX23PUUZ->This has been the best computer. I've had it a couple of years and no problems.Would definitely recommend this product!
A1CGLU68IS3F52->I am a previous MacBook owner and have always loved Apple products. The updated October 2011 MacBook Pro is definitely a keeper. I am impressed with the Lion software and really enjoy it's features. I am a college student, and I find my MacBook to be very suitable for helping me with my coursework. With the lightweight design and sick computing capabilities, this computer is surly  worth the money!
A1A4JEGLF7NRZP->I purchased a "used" ( only 6 months old from org. purchase date) Apple Pro MacBook  13 inch screen..Got some upgrades plus a remaining 2 year Apple care warranty for $1164.00....An co- worker's son is in Apple support...took the computer home and checked it out and said everything looked good and that I got a decent deal. Now, I need to learn how to use it..LOL
A2BQZAD5NTJPRP->Happy happy happy to be back on mac. Life is more beautiful on mac :DMy keyboard feels more responsive, the trackpad is a such a dream that using a mouse would just seem clumsy. My photos, even my old ones, look better, display better, and obviously can GET better with even the standard image editing software in iphoto.
A2QP60I85QOBU8->The mac book pro is a great laptop, i'ts being easier for my job, now i can work at home or travel and edit at the same time. All the content in the box was in perfect conditions and the delivered was on time, just as i requested. Recommended!
A3FCR3IL8UJXHF->I switched from an air to pro.There is nothing different and the product is really good.The only complaint I might have is the heating issues with mac. It is really tough to keep it on your lap for a long time.
A380ZM2CF11SFX->Muy buen desempe&ntilde;o y excelente dise&ntilde;o. Llevo probando tres semanas y todo ha funcionado muy bien. Todos los programas al 100%.
A35TRCL27N0EVL->If you're still on the fence about buying a Mac, this is the ideal place to jump off.  It is an exceptional entry point for the Mac experience ... great performance in a comfortable package.  Seamless aluminum case is functional, solid and very cool; display is better than most anything out there; and ... well ... it's a Mac.  Sure, the MacBook Pro may cost twice as much as entry point for PC laptop but that's kind of like comparing a tool to a toy - both appear to work but only one truly gets the job done (unless you happen to be 6 years old, in which case maybe you're okay with a disposable laptop).  The i5 processor is more than adequate for all but the most demanding jobs - my daughter uses this Mac for making videos for high school with acceptable performance.  I'm sure at some point we'll juice-up the memory but for now, it's just fine for routine tasks (surfing, word processing, e-mail and managing media library).  Only wish we had jumped onto the Mac side long ago and avoided years of frustration with PCs.
AWVHPR71BU1A->i had a HP laptop and this is my first Mac computer and i am very happy with this computer, it was the best choice. recommended
A2ZUDUCYUC0JP3->I have been a PC tech for over 15 years.I waned a Mac for all along because of it's great quality. Amazon has a great price for this laptop and no sales tax. I finally couldn't resist. Top looks ,feel screen etc. I'd recommend one to my friends.
A1OAXI42U6FT2U->I must say, I am very impressed with this Laptop! One of the best things about it is its trackpad, the multi-touch gestures are awesome! The backlit keyboard makes it easy to type in the dark, the HD webcam is nice, the Intel HD Graphics run Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 4 without a problem! The computer runs very quietly (when not playing heavy duty games)! The aluminum unibody looks awesome! Overall I am very happy with this laptop and I recommend it to everyone!
A1UGF09Z4PUNU1->If the features you are looking for in a laptop include easy portability, backlit keyboard with great feel, multi-touch pad, fast operating system, dynamite display and no viruses, then look no further.  The laptop also has bluetooth, firewire port, and a DVD drive. Does not have a solid state hard drive, but boots up quickly and isn't very heavy. I did not think a 13.3 inch screen would be big enough for me, but after I realized that the multi-touch pad lets you zoom in and out,  its the perfect size.  The computer has been dropped a few times with only minor dings - very well constructed.  This was my first Apple purchase vs. PC, and i am a happy camper.
A29G386IFLMW08->Paying 2x the price for something. Most people buy Mac's is because its a Mac, they rarely take the time to even look at the hardware that is provided. As a gamer, Apple is just ripoff, a laptop, 13.3 with 4gb, same harddrive, longer battery life, and video card is half the price. Apple really needs to get it together.
A2XWGJ38Z02SDX->I have been using only Mac's since February, 1984, when they first came out. This Macbook Pro was the first computer I have purchased with Lion. Much to my surprise and annoyance, Lion no longer supports Apple's own multi-function program and precursor to Microsoft Office, Appleworks 6.2.9. You can only use Appleworks with Snow Leopard or older operating systems. To add insult to injury, you cannot install Snow Leopard or older systems on the new Macbook Pro. Thus I cannot open up any of my Appleworks files, including a database, which I use 5 to 10 times every day, on this computer. And, as Apple is well aware, there has never been another program available from any software provider that opens up Appleworks databases. I have to use an older computer simultaneously with the Macbook Pro, which makes it totally useless as a laptop.I have been to the highest levels of Apple Customer Relations and Technical Support and have been advised that they can do nothing for me. They cannot even tell me if Apple is doing anything about this problem even though they are well aware of it. Buyer beware.
A1FWQRJXBKXH1U->I have received this computer two days, i find the "capslock" key can't work well, sometimes it doesn`t work, i have to press it use more strength. Except for it,i haven't find other problems.
AOI2HBRHJRQU1->I also have Lenovo T420 and Latitude E6420. And the mac book pro is way better than the other two, especially in terms of trackpad and display.
ATUYQK90VSGKC->THIS IS MY LITTLE BABY, FOR MI WORK I ONLY NEED MY CANON T4I AND MY MACBOOK PRO FOR EDITING MY VIDEOS AND FOTOS...!!!
A2JO9FT8XLO0ZB->Smells, looks and works like a MAC and does everything a MAC should.Come join the MAC side of the Force.
A1N8ZZ38HMQHQL->This is my first macbook and I love it so much. It is beautiful from the outside and it runs fast and works efficiently.
AF1YHYEQ36XML->This Laptop is just amazing! It is very portable and durable. But, as with most products, there has to be some cons. The display has a glossy finish and dust and other things stick to it. Because of that, you need to wipe off the screen often. Another con, is that if you use this computer while it's charging, it will start to "shock" you. It will be quite annoying, but it stops once you pull out the charger from the computer. Overall this computer is great if you know how to use it, and if you're careful with it.PROS:1- Great Keyboard2-Looks Awesome3-Great Battery Life4-Nice sound Quality5- VERY FASTCONS:1- Computer shocks you when it's charging (and in use at the same time)2-Sticky display3- Screen is very vulnerable to scratches4-Keys can pop off easily
