R1UKEP188HWT6Q->Ok, no more than that.
RQMW1GOM5YPM3->great laptop
RWX5YJPKX7WNT->It works really good but too heavy but i wanted to give it a Fivestar, I am using it since One year but never gave me a slightest problem except for it weight.
R39WF9K5WI4UAE->Next time I'd get something with more crunching power, Windows 8 seems to demand a lot of computing power
RQAGNYBQAIMNY->did the motherboard in this laptop is defective after a while the charger didn't work so I bought a new one. after one week that charger didn't work as well so I knew it was the laptop I sent it off to the manufacturing company to get fix and a month after they fixed it the same problem occurred. my one year warranty is up so I have no choice but to buy a new laptop. so don't buy. I gave it to star because besides that the laptop worked just fine.
R3RBOHQOHANM4I->This is our first Windows laptop as we were coming from a used MacBook.  We are very happy with it's performance.  The speed of the i3 processor is great and the touchscreen is very responsive.  I was concerned that this was a refurbished unit... but I have not seen any issues with it. Motherboard replacement was very easy because a drink was spilled on it!  Bonus to Dell!
R7ALG2W6ZWPGC->Great computer but had to get a DDR2L specifically in order to upgrade my RAM. DDR2 isnt compatible make sure to get the L!
R26ZXO2R7NNQKD->So on most levels I love this laptop! It has all the features I wanted, the speed is good, it does everything I need. Tech support is great! HOWEVER...I have had this laptop 9 months and have just had to replace the hard drive twice! Since it's still under warranty, it's not a biggie--call Dell, they run some diagnostics, overnight me a new hard drive, I put it in. But 2 times in nine months?  Once the warranty elapses and the hard drive goes again (as I have every reason to expect it will) I'll be looking for something else!  Oh yes--also, recently, when I plug in the power cord it tells me the power adapter device cannot be determined. It's the one that came with the laptop!! It then won't charge until I unplug/replug it in a few (3, 5, maybe 10) times. So--a few months since my last review and the problems continue!  I did discover (by accident) that changing to a 90V charger solved the charger problem. No problems for about a month. But now--here we go again--having trouble booting up--sometimes I get a gray screen and the laptop makes a popping noise. I ran a diagnostic (which I know all about from past experience) and was told nothing was wrong. I eventually found that removing and reinstalling the battery helps most of the time. Then the past few days I was getting an error that Windows wasn't activated. Tried to activate it--no luck. Last night I contacted Microsoft because my Office 365 was also not working--got a licensing error--they spent about an hour checking things, un- and re-installing--no luck! They did tell me that for $149 they could try and fix it (money back if they couldn't) At this point, though, I am so fed up with this thing! I am not spending another nickel! Will use it until it dies again (which I believe is inevitable)--I have Office on my notebook, so I can use that if I need to. In all fairness--all of my work-issued laptops (I get a new one every 3 years) have been Dells, and I've never had problems with them. But this one is the devil!
R2VJEF47SQDILS->Bad Buy!! to keep it in short.
R2DP70A95ZAEOT->The laptop is being used by my 19 year old daughter. It is excellent for her needs. It was refurbished, so for the price it was an excellent deal. She is not a gamer, so I can't comment on the laptop's gaming ability. It came with the 8.1 operating system but she was unable to activate it because the key was not valid. This created a real problem, but to Hotdealforsure's credit they sent me a shipping label to send the computer back to have the operating system re-installed with activation. They informed me today that they have received it and have activated it. It should be back here by Feb. 6th. I hope so.
R157J2GWQELL9I->Good Machine, for do some basics stuff, for game, well..... only light games...
R2E42BDO5C2WJA->Love it.
R2WL0NG6LYCUS4->Using the laptop to do this review as we speak. This far I have no complaints, the systems works excellent and i'm enjoying the touchscreen function.
R181BJEKZLTHNX->Good for the price.  You can see some differences against doubled priced laptops, like on/off button not illuminated, plastic hinges, casing and general plastics and lack some features like mouse pad scrolling capable.  I bought it for home and small business and after 6 months I have not any downside.
R8767689997HJHU->My husband and I have been very pleased with this notebook. We actually share it now we are retired. Finally getting the &#34;hang&#34; of Windows 8.1 and touchscreen.
RTYIGVU8067G->This computer with windows 8 is horrible. Mouse control, constant updates (that do not help) and navigation constantly waste the user\xc2\x92s time. I would like return this computer and software for a refund but I waited too long due to needing it while I was traveling.
RTVHAKGY89II9->Using the laptop to do this review as we speak. This far I have no complaints, the systems works excellent and i'm enjoying the touchscreen function.
RUBXJKIUOA909->excellent
R8900HYUUXKJX->It's great gotta love it and Amazon has a good price.
R87687DRFSSYU->For the money this is a decent laptop. I only have a few complains: a few days after setting my laptop up for the first time, I was locked out of the computer, so I had to do a hard reset and lost everything I had begun to save, and the battery life is annoyingly short. But other than that, it is fantastic and I love the touch screen!
RHTYIN79879->This is excellent Touchscreen laptop for average day to day computing needs. i recommend it for anyone looking for simple laptop
R6766990HYU->Awesome laptop, love the touch screen. Bought for my wife on her birthday and she loves it. Perfect laptop for everyday normal use. The multi-touchscreen makes the laptop fun and easy to use.
R7878GTYHNB9->So far so good. The screen gets terribly smudged and the case shows every finger print. I am constantly wiping it off. However as far as the machine goes I think it was a great buy for the price. I had a devil of a time installing my newly purchased Microsoft Office Professional. I had to pay to have someone install it. Still can't get outlook to work. But I'm told this is a Microsoft issue, not a Dell problem. Still getting used to windows 8. But again, that's not a Dell issue. So far this computer has done everything I've asked it to do with speed and efficiency. I am not a counter guru so I don't have any technical specs to share. But I do upload lots of pictures and I work a lot with word processing and spread sheets. The ram seems more than sufficient for my needs. I'd buy it again.
R5767HYUVKK->My husband surprised me and bought me this laptop for a early birthday present and I just love the HD colors on the touchscreen. I love that it's a touchscreen too! I just started school and needed a laptop for homework The shipment arrived very fast and I was pleased with everything. Great buy too!
R5686y7vUII->Pretty good and efficient computer.
RT78000057f->Having a little trouble figuring out Windows 8, but having the touch screen helps! Great laptop for the price. I would prefer the mouse not click so loud and wish the laptop was a little bit lighter. I have always owned Dell computers and usually buy them directly from Dell, but this was a much better deal through Amazon.
RT899004553->ts an ok laptop. Don't expect it to blow your mind, but its good value for the price and gets the job done. The biggest negative is that it is very heavy and lags quite a bit more than my Yoga 2, but you get what you pay for.
R677999565GH->Love windows 8. Laptop is very fast. I doubled memory to 8 GB.
R7890HYFJSLP->best laptop to date love touch screen
R5678890FRT->everything is fine and working as stated in the description I may get another one for a friend,thank you amazon
RT67HUIPPGT->I'm writing from this laptop now. I still need to get used to te keyboard, but it is very nice. The touchscreen works very welll and the battery life is reasonable once you mess around with it in settings. Windows 8 does take some getting used to but it is very sleek and user friendly. Probably the only thing I don't like so far is that the mouse pad clicker ( Why can't I think of what this is?), whatever you call it, it's pretty loud But so far that's my only complaint. I also wish it would come with Microsoft Office but hey, can't have everything for this great a price. I do recommend getting this laptop.
RTY89072021->There's nothing bad i can say about this product. its a good laptop for everyday use & the battery performance is really good.i would recommend this product to anyone who's looking to replace an aging laptop.
R5698UUIBAk->I am loving this new Dell laptop! The touchscreen and touchpad both are responsive and Windows 8 really shines with the touchscreen. I really like the finish...both outer and screen/keyboard. Pretty lightweight (much lighter than my Dell office laptop) and sleek when closed (not too hefty, not too thin but just right). The sound quality is just okay. You will want to get Bluetooth speaker(s). Otherwise, this is a great deal that's tough to beat!
R68768THUAI->Touch screen is great yet I would have sacrificed a lesser size screen for smaller keyboard. Or just a large tablet.however Ilike having 500gbts of drive..
R68687GYIAI->Server Tech & Network Engineer here. Needed to replace an aging XP laptop at home. Wanted a more than basic Win 8 Laptop w/Touchscreen for my spouse at low cost, for browsing, email, photos, light home office work, no gaming. From experience at work, I prefer Dell machines when I could buy without paying a premium. This machine met expectations, bottom line cost was quite reasonable. Plus it is Intel CPU based with 4GB, typical decent Dell Inspiron quality. Cons? HD might be a bit small for photo storage, but I prefer to use external/network storage for this purpose. Zero complaints. Also was pleased to see OS load included only a few items of trialware/crapware, all easily removed. Seller shipped promptly, good communication.
RTYI09839289->Just exactly what I wanted, and would recommend to anyone looking for a great personal computer for everyday use. Very satisfied.
R676372990HGA->Rather I was expecting too much from the display, the images are OK and not of the quality of an LED screen. Apart from the display everything else works fine. Pros: Wide touchpad, Touchscreen, Responses to heavy gaming, RAM works good Cons: Display quality
R673572HYUAS->Nice, light, powerful. Touchscreen increases dramatically the speed of interaction between user and device. I still have to get familiar with windows 8...
Re328687TYSS->This is very good touch screen laptop, has DVD too. Dell has made this very nice product. Best value for money.
RTQLAMBCNZMZ->It's just amazing and awesome. The processor is good and it is good for anything. But that's just my opinon
RUIBYUHSJOSP->excellent product,wonderful delivery,at a great price.it is everything it says and some.would highly recommend this product to anyone whos interested in touch screens.
RPOIKNMLS092->Great laptop, could be a tad bit faster but for the price I have no complaints. Delivery was satisfactory. On the whole I am happy with this purchase.
RPLKSINJSNAK->it is great laptop easy to use the best thanks I would suggest anyone to purchase it also has a great price
RPIOUSBCKBSK->It's great gotta love it and Amazon has a good price.
RHDBJKSOAIAO->Good computer, beatifull, touch screen make the diference, 4 gb RAM, 500 gb hard disk, but need more cache memory the computer is very slow
RBCNMNAKJOAO->If you have never used Windows 8, you have a learning experience to go through. I have used Window operating systems since the early days of Microsoft. This is by far the harder system to learn. In my opinon the touchscreen is essential to a smooth transition to Windows 8 and this computer does a great job of providing that requirement. It loads fast and operated fast. I have had no problems with the computer in the 2 months I have owned it. I believe that once I learn the operating system completely, I will be completely satisfied. If an old dog over 70 yrs old can learn it - anyone can.
RQNDKSNAOIJS->Sets very well to individual needs making use easy and seemless. Over all a big bang for the buck. Great.
RYAUIAIBCAII->Great laptop, but NOT touchscreen as advertized. Everything seems to work fine, considering it isn't the fastest running machine on the block.
R98979889sy->I had ordered this laptop but accidentally ordered another so this was an exact of the one I ordered so on my own mistake had to return this one the seller was very helpful and prompt in responses to emails and correspondences an refunded me promptly I was were happy with that and will go back for other purchases indeed !
RANKCNSOJAO09->First off Thank You for such prompt service. My daughter is extremely happy with this and I am too. From the beginning with me checking options off and back on then off I must have driven customer service crazy. They are so up to date with each purchase and cancelation that I received an email of each transaction. This came boxed safely (safe enough that even my pup didn't get through the whole box when nobody was home) I will certainly shop more often and highly recommend AMAZON !!!!
RBKJAIPAKPN->Sets very well to individual needs making use easy and seemless. Over all a big bang for the buck. Great.
RVCNALKAOA99->bought this computer for a hard worker in our companies warehouse, he said it is a great, light, and fast computer and he thanked me dearly for purchasing it for him!
RKXNIAO89980->The latest and greatest is here. If you want a large screen capable of touch then this is easily the best for the price It's only an i3 processor but it still pretty fast. Windows 8.1 is a FANTASTIC OS, don't listen to the haters. It boots up in about 15 seconds, maybe less.