R2IWQVHL1Z2K9L->only 10 minutes into using this sorry excuse for a laptop I thought my eyes were going to pop out of my head it sucks so bad. Do NOT waste your money on this product. There are MUCH better Laptops out there for $300. Bought it brand new and the internet is extremely slow with tons of glitches. Overall, this computer doesn't function properly enough for me to even find out what else is wrong with it, but i'm sure there are a number of issues I haven't come across yet. DELL is a joke. Spend the few extra sheckles and get a MAC.
R1T6B4OTLPLF2M->Fantastic
R1BARFGU2S3URR->LOVE THIS! BUT I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY EXTENDED WARRENTY INFO THAT I PAID EXTRA FOR??????????
R1PFR82THDCH0I->This is not a 2.4 ghz as advertised.  It is only 1.8 ghz.  I was not happy but decided to keep it and it performs fine but not what I paid for.
R14MGFF6QPZDWO->excellent product of very high quality 100% recommend
R3RTN5JNFAX5KK->Just what I ordered.  I am partial to Dell laptops and am very happy with it.
RDDQVNZXI46VE->The Laptop was a bit slow and when I unpluged the power the monitor dimmed. I am an IT professional and I did every setting and even contacted Dell(they did the same things I did and it still didn't work) since it was 2 days old I just returned it.  I got the HP Touchsmart 15-f010dx 15.6&#34; Touch Screen MUCH MUCH BETTER. Faster, but the Dell case seem tighter, but who really cares about the case on a $300 laptop
RABMFEUZVS0H9->Really good for its price.
R1TQSQWTT6D7FS->So far I do not like this laptop. Tried to download windows 10 and it wont do it. The specs on the advertised unit show a 2.4 GHz processor but in the system specs it shows 1.8 GHz. Can not adjust the sensitivity of the touch pad. I am replacing a 7 year old Gateway laptop which runs faster than this new one ~ geeze. I am not all that computer savvy but so far I am thinking about sending it back and getting an HP.
R1UUXPPG4L2EPB->It's great, once I figured out it took the greater part of a day to load and set up windows 10. The wide screen takes a little getting used to. fast and great picture.
R2TEF2I845VJPR->It got to me in good time, that's the only agood. The computer just would not pick up the internet even if it's telling me connected buts reading limited and the password was correct. I eventually returned it to Amazon.
R2TPM91X9BUAAI->slow.. but put $70 SSD 256GB drive in it from newegg and voila!!
R1T9LP37AP6L7U->Perfect for the basic computing needs I have.  No complaints!
R3N060E0SUNBGO->Lasted 2 weeks, hard drive died, returned for a Toshiba.
R15CD71OF99T6->I am real pleased with the product for the price.  It is a VERY wide laptop, and that is good for the keyboard, but it is almost two large to fit in my satchel.  The keyboard keys have more play than many laptops, but it is not as much as a regular desktop keyboard and I and it is taking me a bit longer than expected to get accustomed to the feel of it. Overall, I like it and for the money, it is perfect for a classroom, paper-writing workstation.  I would definitely purchase it again.
R1WOGWYD2N7EJQ->I like this laptops, it's very complete. I recomended. Also his design is fantastic and slim.
R36Y0BZHOUB7H9->This laptop have a good build quality, work well, in general it seems to be a good purchase.
R347COFUKBKD21->Excellent
RI8X0P0L7C3TC->This a great computer, It's work for a basic things. The keyboard is awesome and so comfortable. It`s comes with the option to update to window 10 and 20 GB for 1 year of Dropbox. I recommend it
R1CJCTU5GEJT8I->Helps me get the job completed
R3PC4HE5PDOWTW->I am writing this review on a Dell Inspiron 3541 with the 4Gb memory and 500 Gb hard drive. I purchased this with a fair discount through my employer's discount arrangement with Dell, and I am frankly unimpressed and regret it. The two best descriptors for this laptop are 'cheap' and 'flimsy'. The case is very thin, lightweight plastic which gives the user no faith whatsoever in its ability to survive day-to-day usage; I have to wrap this in a thick towel just to put it in my carrying bag to take it out of the house. The stock memory is just barely enough to run Windows 10, and since it has only one DIMM slot you'll need to budget another $50+ to get a replacement 8Gb memory stick if you want to do more than surf the net and send email. Not that it is capable of much more; the AMD A6-6310 processor brings to mind a line from the Weird Al song 'Its All About the Pentiums', 'What kind of chip you got in there, a Dorito?' I used to have a cheesy HP netbook with a dinky Celeron that seemed to have more juice than this processor. The keyboard keys are already failing, if you rest your wrists on the case the cursor will jump around the screen, and the machine randomly restarts, On the supposed Plus side, this model has a touch screen. I say supposed because I don't use it, but I suppose that someone else might. The battery, on the other hand, has a good six-hour life to it in Balanced or Dell mode, but I've only had it for less than a month so I can't say if it will last for any great length of time. Overall, if you can find this on sale for about $250 or so, don't mind uninstalling a lot of the startup junkware that bogs the processor down, and are only going to use it for simple tasks, the Inspiron 3541 *might* be a decent purchase for you. For me, my faith in Dell as a serious brand has taken a big hit because of this thing.
R1WRGQYBQHZWJH->It is awesome
R30WKGA6PSWNNA->Excellent
R1XO2F5PB38B8K->Nice laptop. No problems. Thanks!
R9JLYWD2E7SPK->low quality, it stop charging the battery at the second day of use, it just stopped detecting its own power adapter as a valid one and refuses to charge the batter.Not buying DELL again, their AC jack is to poor quality.
R1PLB0HNTLKADX->Everything as expected. Windows 8.1 takes a little getting used to. Lightweight a plus as once I had the laptop bag, accessories, working projects it all adds up. Processing speed is perfect for what I do (designing quilts). Very happy.
R3UQOK906GUMMM->When I got this computer it worked well, but slowly.  It was advertised as having a 2.4 GHZ processor, but in reality only came with a 1.8 GHz processor.  As a whole this is a good computer for the short time I used it (a few hours) before sending it back.  I am looking to purchase a computer that isn't so slow.  By slow I mean that after opening several internet tabs it had to pause for a few seconds and catch up.  I also could type faster than the characters showed up.  Over-all not a bad computer, just too slow for me.
R28OXW19QBSQ9W->It ran well for the first little while. Now it constantly freezes. This computer is supposed to be better than my old one in every respect, but it's just awful. Going to try to return or exchange it.
RYQZD70VDFWW0->Perfect laptop for me, and great price
R1H2MQ7GLA1A6M->I strongly disliked this laptop.  I have an old Dell which was ok.  I next purchased a HP which I liked better but when my laptop screen was damaged the features and price had me go back to Dell.  Very light but also cheap feeling.  I had trouble with the keys right away and could never get the right click to work.  Windows 8.1 was a disaster.  It kept zooming in and out.  I was not touch screen as described.  I did like the face recognition feature.  This was not user friendly at all.  I tried to work with it for days and gave up and sent it back.  I will wait for windows 10 and go with HP.
R1BYPZWM5O2GNR->As advertised..
RHL2D1C8X1JIM->This computer is terribly slow!!! It was fast for the first few days and now it stalls and freezes. I am returning it for an acer laptop. What a waste of money!!
R3J4FCR76IR2NC->The reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars is that it is a little slow, but really that's my fault, I knew it wouldn't be as fast as I would have liked because it didn't have the processor I prefer, but my other computer was crashing and I was working with a tight budget. Otherwise I'm very happy with it.
R1Q5RT95AF5ZKX->The computer is an okay quality and one of the letters fell off almost right away. I wish I returned it. :(
R3EP7W5WR20738->Very Happy!
R1Z3D3PTJ1MM8D->I hate this computer. The wifi keeps booting me off. My mouse jumps around in the middle of me typing and I end up writing in other places if I'm not paying attention. I take online classes and when I have an exam, it is important that I stay online the entire time because I get no breaks once the 2 hour exam has started. I got booted off in the middle and had to settle for the score I received. I cracked the screen on my ASUS with the Celeron processor and thought this would be an upgrade. I miss my ASUS. But I'm stuck with this until I can afford another one this year. Even right now, as I'm writing this, I got booted off my internet. I am so disappointed,
R22H0M0WRZF319->Not the computer's fault but I had to add a keyboard and mouse to be comfortable with it...would on any laptop though. Most of my growling has been at the updated software which is also no fault of the computer. It does what I bought it for -- traveling.
R2FY57IP2VXM0I->I bought this computer for my son to use for college. Granted, it's a inexpensive computer, but even still, pass on this one.  As others experienced, the processor was not the one listed. There is so much malware and pop-ups, it's impossible to use. Sending it back.
RK6L8YQII402L->Computer is extremely SLOW. Bought it for a trip, and was very disappointed with the product. Wish I would have paid a little more and bought one that runs faster.
R2PMNEOPB30PCS->very nice
RLT8VF3HIX8DG->bought this for work, it does the job and has been reliable so far,
R3BQC1R8UGHP8E->this laptop is of quality,it has the look and feel of a higher end model,IAM COMPLETELY SATISFIED.....I would recommend it to a friend.Dell is still a top leader in this field
R2AFJ76M69ZYB2->Good utility grade laptop.  Durable.  Not blazing fast. But decent for the price.
RI7SCSYJ92WCE->excellent, responsible
RUMKWF7329550->excellent
R2O65CY8M27HSN->I bough the computer i3541-2001blk When i go to PC info (or PC Settings) It only shows as a 1.8Ghz processor not a 2.4GHz as it is describe. I try to contact the seller but there is no way I can so I am reviewing to see if I get a reply. If I dont will just return it and right an update Today 1/19/2015
RB0KF8J68ZXSY->was a gift, granddaughter loved it.
R1RSJ6EZMWJ0BM->this was one massive fail its weak very weak does not play any games the operating system is horrible the mouse failed in 2 weeks of use basicly stopped working tried to reinstall the drivers did nothing sent it to the worst pc manufacture along with asus and they told me I broke it and would not cover it when clearly there is no physical damage and I did not brake it.wasted money on a 2 year bull s*** plan that does basicly nothing its just a scam for them to get you in and charge you for every thing.i will never buy from the s***y company dell ever again I bought the part and sold the pile at a pawn shop for 300 bucks and switched to MSI and had had awesome experiences with them.most of the people doing reviews on this laptop are the fruit cakes from dell.i have not met many people saying good things about this garbage just simply go to consumer complaints dell inspiron 15 3000 amd a6 and you will be stunned ....DO NOT BUY
R1K9AXRDTAMH6X->So far the laptop has worked well. No issues. NOTE THAT THIS LAPTOP IS NOT CLOCKED AT 2.4GHZ IT IS 1.8ghz processor which can accelerate to 2.4 ghz. This is my second dell laptop that I use primarily for school, while the other one is a backup. Both have served me well for what I needed them for: school work such as essay's and digital work like Photoshop and illustrator (no flickering of the screen if zooming around or scrolling. Things I like: Quad Core: multi task Graphics are good. I can play games like Hw 1 & 2 (My favorite game, so long as a laptop can play it it gets 5 stars, GC2, PK/ overdose, Haunt (Slenderman) with descent graphics and very little lag. Sound is adequate. Kind of low sound volume if you don't have dell audio enabled. 4gb of ram. dvd/cd drive large hard disk wireless capability Can run creative suites without any noticeable lag, although if you have several suites open i'm sure it will. Sturdy construction. Things I don't like: The trackpad is somewhat annoying, however, I tend to use a wireless USB mouse to overcome the issue. The l/r buttons are combined with the trackpad. sometimes having two fingers on it causes the mouse cursor to move unintentionally. I have also noticed that the max memory supported for ram upgrade is 4gb. IDK if this is true or not but my other dell (a dual core) could go up to 8gb. If this is true then it may somewhat be a downside. But I have had no ram issues with this laptop. Windows 8.1 (I don't really care for it since this laptop does not have a touchscreen). It would have been great if it was a touchscreen at this price. Overall I have taken this thing with me to school back and forward and it hasn't died on me yet. update: one month later hdd sectors unusable, dell support software alertes me to hard failure. I didnt actually fail but i decided to be cautious. I think because the hdd has only a few mm of plastic covering it i accidently crushed the drive when i was holding the laptop sideways. However, it has been easy to replace the hdd with a ssd. The performance has exceeded the hdd. And this laptop continues to travel with me to school.
R2TI9JOA8ISSJL->I thought having windows 8.1 might be a problem after reading many articles tearing it up. Turns out the articles must have been written by trolls. (People happy with nothing) Pressing the windows key toggles back and forth between the new desktop and the old (familiar) desktop. The new desktop is useful for some stuff and I like the older desktop for accessing my older files and photos. I wanted Microsoft security essentials not a annual fee security suite that came installed on the machine. No problem, I uninstalled the unwanted anti-virus and turned on Windows Defender (Microsoft Security Essentials) same thing. It was already installed. For extra security I downloaded and installed Malwarebytes premium edition. I don't like the idea of storing my personal info on the cloud (someone else's computer). Just be aware of where you are storing your personal stuff. This laptop has more memory than I will ever use. The speed of startup is incredible. I was able to boot up, hit the windows key (for the old desktop), click on Internet Explorer, select my bank from a dropdown menu, sign in, check my balance and get out, hit the windows key and shutdown in minutes. Amazing. I'd recommend this computer to anyone.
R1SD65H9DM8J5U->It is a much faster computer than my old dual core Dell, but I understood from the specs that it would have a speed of 2.4 GHz, not the 1.8 GHz that I received.  Still, it is acceptable for the price, although I've seen other computers with better specs for a little less money.  Oh well.
R14WIHHDTGL8EC->This is the second one that I returned . Died after about a month. Will give it one more try .
R3G1BF7ZVX6A9I->Processor speed slower than listed. Returned the product. There was tons of delay
R1JZT0D53WGE5X->very good
R29HOZARYFPL1T->Every ok
R154TMYAUVBP3C->The computer appears to work OK, I have only had it for 2 days.  I did have some problems loading the operating system.  I had all the software loaded and the Windows 8 system crashed.  I tried to recover without success.  So it had to restore Windows 8 from to a previous condition which meant I lost all the software I just spent hrs loading. So the second time after letting the machine do a standard Windows 8 installation with app download, the first software I loaded was Malwarebytes.  I scanned the computer and it found over 100 malware items.  I had to go in and manually uninstall PC Pro Cleaner which showed up with the Windows 8 install.  PC Pro Cleaner is some malware that is on the verge of being a virus (search for it on the internet and see all the bad reviews of it).  I also had to manually uninstall some obnoxious video advertisement player that would just start running by itself without warning at a very loud volume.  McAfee that came with the machine did not find any of this malware.  There is still a lot of software loaded on the machine that is worthless to most people and it makes the machine boot up slow.  I don't know if this is a Dell thing or a windows 8 thing but it is very obnoxious when you have to spend more time uninstalling junk you don't want than you do installing things you want.  I did not have problems like this with my HP machine running Windows 7. I would have preferred Windows 7 but you can't get it on a new machine anymore.  Also my wife did not have problems like this with her HP machine running Windows 8. Just for a point of reference I just downloaded Malwarebytes on my wife's HP machine that she has had for about 1 year and it found only 6 malware items.  And I loaded the same software on the Dell machine as I did on the HP machine.  So I must conclude that Dell, or bestelectronicdeal (the seller) or the latest version of Windows 8 installs malware on the machine.  Because of all the malware problems and the many hrs of  time I had to spend to get rid of all them I rate this machine poorly.  I would not purchase this machine again and may never buy a Dell machine again. Also as another reviewer pointed out this machine has a 1.8 Gz processor not the 2.4 as advertised which means it is about 25% slower.  Because it was advertised incorrectly I am lowering the rating to one star.
R3851RDEOQM60V->Great price and good performance.  I am very happy with my purchase.
R2NHSM65O747N0->The price could have been better
R6B01Y1RXIB0Z->This laptop is fast and a pleasure to use, with Windows 8.1.  I'm very happy with the performance, and the keyboard design is great.  The battery life is longer than my old laptop, which is a relief.  All around good service with this pc.
R1JSIDEA2V8JGG->Yes it's inexpensive and it has a good display. But it's soooooooooo sloooooooow. I'm not a gamer or anything like that, web pages load slow, start up slow & the battery life is low.My phone loads faster then this thing! Keep shopping for better laptop.
R1KYN42NKO4II3->It was advertised as a 2.4 ghz...What I revieved was a 1.8 ghz. I did not receive the product I paid for
R3AWN4QX5MXK0U->this is a piece of garbage. I do not understand why you would sell something like this
RU6MYHIUMIUDQ->the laptop looks nice, runs well with quad-core and a normal 1366x768 screen (wish it can be higher); and battery lasts as said so. however, its mouse point will frequently freeze for awhile and then come back even after all updates. i consider the biggest drawback of this computer is only having one memory slot which accepts 8GB RAM - not sure if it works for single 16GB RAM. another smaller issue is that the touch pad is a bit far away from the edge than other brands such as macbook or hp. so one might frequently press wrong spots other than touch pad buttons.
R19CGGTEWZ16MJ->Good computer
R1YN8LPAG1RQZZ->had an HP which had a cracked screen (dropped it) and died (water on the keyboard) after less than 2 years.  bought this as it was a big 'beefer' than the previous HP (although the screen was a bit smaller) - runs much smoother and has great graphics card.  for the money it is a thumbs up!
R3EEPXQWKP3JPQ->This is my first review of anything that I've purchased off of Amazon. I'm am super pleased with this laptop so I figured others should know as well. The only real con to this laptop that upon reboot or just after waking it up it takes time for it to be responsive. However, with that being said there seemingly have been no issues with this laptop in almost a month of use. It will suprisling run several games. The only one's I have tried are CoD:Modern Warfare and NBA 2k15. It definely doesn't run NBA 2k15 at high graphics but enough to play the game that's for sure. By no means is this a gaming laptop but it will run some games. I absolutly love this laptop. I am currently a Cyber Security Professional and I got this laptop when it was on sale at $280 and while yes it's not the best laptop on the market, you cannot go wrong with it at such a reasonable price. This is worth every penny.
R1LSIZUVPE7T3G->Product is what I expected, done research before ordering.
R3FQR2EC53XIG7->Nice and slim laptop.
R5QCJVOC81QUY->For the price it is ok for web browsing and watching movies etc.  Some have said it is slow.  The initial setup takes quite a long time in comparison to  setup of Windows 8 from scratch.  Subsequent starts are ok.  The keyboard takes a little getting used to as the keys are very low.  I find the touchpad to get in the way and I accidentally hit it when typing. Compared to my wife's Core I3 Asus I can find little if any performance difference.  For the price it's hard to beat.
R2E9MFI4G2BJVA->Got it as a gift and he loved it!
R12JWRQPN9ZCED->I have two other laptops and have had others in the past but have yet to work with a Dell. So when I had the chance to try this one out I jumped at the chance. So when this came in we opened it up to see what it was all about. it came with Windows 8.1 which could go either way depending if you like that system or not. It is really thin and larger than the other two I have. It comes with a 500GB hard drive which is very good. everything else is just what you would think a laptop would come with so it is on to performance. I have read other reviews stating that it ran to slow. Well so far for me it has worked just fine and I haven't had any issues. So it has been working like advertised for me thus far, if anything changes I will update for sure.
R1DI7W4G1PD6K5->At this price point, you may be hoping to use this as a family or kids' laptop. Don't. Really, just don't bother. It does work, but it's clunky and a bit painful to use (with the combo of Windows 8 and a monitor that's NOT touch-screen). PROS * It does turn on and it does run Windows-OS products * Large monitor for a laptop CONS * It's quite slow (not surprising, but I do have to say it... and remember to give it time to fully wake up; I sometimes type in my password about 6 times before it was ready to listen to anything the keyboard had to say) * The lack of a touchscreen both means that Windows 8 is crazy-challenging to use, and kids who are used to a more normal Windows 8 environment will poke this monitor repeatedly, damaging it * Won't play some games (like the Sims, which my kids love). Again, not surprising, but I do have to say it. * No included antivirus or Office software; look for cheap alternatives (for the latter, you could check out Google Docs, LibreOffice, Apache OpenOffice, Calligra Suite, OxygenOffice Professional, SoftMaker Office or Feng Office Community Edition) * The touchpad is annoying and super-easy to bump by accident mid-typing * Windows 8 means that unless you spend some serious time cleaning up your home screen, it's COVERED with clutter. Some apps like weather are great, but you can't uninstall the store (or easily hide it from your kids! gah!), and even some things like eBay (eBay! for my 7-year-old!), and the default "health and fitness" icon has me just cringing for the day it will offer tips for a great sex life (again, OK for an adult, not so much for a young kid)... and Amazon, sports and Adobe junk are things that really would just be better banished for a family computer, but they're hard to get rid of * Windows 8 means your kids will need their own email addresses from day one. If they're young, you don't have to TELL them the address or its associated password, but you'll need one to get them logged in, since Win8 will sync bookmarks, programs, etc. across ALL your machines, and you neither want your child accessing your own bookmarks, nor do you want them accessing, say, your personal writing or family budget files and deciding to give them an overhaul, or maybe erase them.... so set up a separate account for them and use it instead of your own * There are no manuals, so you'll need to have a second machine open both as you're setting this up, and as you're using it over time, so you can ask Google how to do everything from the most basic to the most complex functions... memorizing keyboard shortcuts will help, but ultimately you're going to need an extra machine to walk you step-by-step through instructions for getting things done on this one It's not all Dell's fault this is so hard to use (Microsoft does share some of that blame), but still, I really can't recommend this product :(  If you're curious, do a search for "CPUBenchmark AMD A6-6310 APU with AMD Radeon R4 Graphics" (yes, "CPUBenchmark" as one word)... they actually give this a "zero" score.
R7QAP9XUYPEQ6->The price of this laptop matters greatly to its evaluation. This isn't a product that's going to turn heads with it's performance. I found the laptop to be quite slow to boot up, which may prove problematic to people looking for a good computer to use on the go. But that overlooks the key aspect of this computer. It's a durable and consistent computer that does what you need it to do. I've found that it handles all the current Windows software quite well. Slow, yes, but it works. The only real problem I had with the aesthetics was the keyboard. It doesn't really need the extra numbers keys to the right. The result is that your hands after far left of center of the keyboard and that does feel a bit awkward. This is a four hundred dollar laptop that works well. It's not flashy, but it gets the job done. I'm not sure what else you could expect. 
R3R7PUKHT59XDF->The Dell Inspiron i3541 is a low-powered laptop computer. It has a large, crisp screen, and is fairly thin (though heavy). The product design is minimal and sleek: the black plastic case is accented with a brushed aluminum cover. The touchpad and full-sized keyboard are both responsive and work well. For the average user, this Dell laptop will provide sufficient computing power to accomplish daily tasks and entertainment. It's a great choice if you're only looking for basic use: inexpensive, durable, and fairly reliable. This is NOT a high-powered gaming computer, and for computing-intensive work, you're likely to be disappointed by its slowness. I've been using it consistently to write on, and conduct research; for this kind of task, it's perfect -- and the screen size lets me view pages side-by-side without sacrificing visibility, and word processing and document access never lag or freeze.
R2MYFBD0SIGYNR->We were absolutely thrilled to receive this Dell Inspiron laptop!  We are an extended family and always need a good computer.  One great thing about this computer is it's ease of use.  It took very little time or effort to get this Dell Inspiron up and running.  I have dealt with computers that were not as user friendly.  It is ready to go......just plug in and start using. The weight of this Dell is also a plus.....not heavy and cumbersome to carry around.  Going from room to room or place to place is no problem.  The battery life is great.  No need to carry the plug with you everywhere.....just charge it up and the battery will last for an acceptable time.  That is a great plus.  I like the black textured outside finish and the keyboard is fine too.  For the price and daily use this computer is good for us.  I know that there are other more expensive laptops out there that would be better for such things as watching movies at faster speeds etc. but this computer has been great for basic use.
R2PBX41UWO1JRU->This is a nice looking, sturdy laptop.  Although it's not very quick on start up, it's  quick when starting program once it's running. I like that it's lightweight and stays much cooler on my  lap than older models I've owned.  This computer has a great keyboard and includes the number pad.  This is so helpful for me, since it used to be hard  to find that on any computer smaller than 17&#34;. I know a lot of people are not fond of the Windows 8 format, but on this computer,  you can easily switch back and forth from the tile format to the traditional desktop.  I found the battery life is good but not exceptional, I guess they sacrificed some battery power to save on weight. Screen quality is average and the video quality is good but I haven't found a good app to run my movies that are flv files which windows 8 doesn't seem to be able to run.
R61ECDDA1CQ1B->First off, this is a great computer for the price.  it has Windows 8 which has taken me some time to get used to. (a camera kept coming on with a live picture of me on the screen.)I am sure that was my fault. The laptop is a bit heavy especially if you are getting used to the lighter tablets, etc.  The battery life is only 4 hours, even when I put the computer on low energy mode. There is a problem with my space bar. I really have to pound it to get it to work, and this makes me a bit nervous  (I had another dell under warranty one time, and they sent me a new keyboard, and someone in India had to walk me through putting the new keyboard in. It was really nerve wracking) Another problem I encountered was the fact that you can't upgrade the video card because it is built into the motherboard.  This could be potential trouble. Also if you try to plug in an external monitor, the performance is extremely slow, so I wont be doing this either. The casing on the laptop is made of plastic, and seems really cheap and it is sharp and rough on your wrists. This computer may be good as a temporary fix for a broken computer, but if you really rely on your computer, you might want to pass on this one.
R1UUIJRA1QL4N4->I was curious to try this out because I already own another Dell laptop (Dell Inspiron 15 i15RV-6144BLK 15.6-Inch Touchscreen Laptop (Black Matte with Textured Finish)), I was curious to see how this Dell Inspiron i3541-2001BLK 15.6-Inch Laptop would compare. (I also own a Mac laptop, which also factored into my comparisons.)  From my experience so far, it seems to fill a similar role as my existing Dell laptop.  Overall, it doesn't have some of the bells and whistles of the Apple (which is to be expected based on the substantial price difference), but like my other Dell laptop it is a solid laptop for someone on a budget and functionally, is sufficient for most of what the average user will need a laptop for. Aesthetics: Overall I liked the black and thought the textured finish was an interesting touch. It does give the laptop a distinctive look. But it's a little more subtle than the textured finish on my other Dell, which I appreciated.  The plastic case also seems sturdy and like it will be able to stand up to wear and tear. However, it doesn't necessarily have a luxurious look to it like you get with an Apple. Personally, I prefer the look of the metal on the MacBook Pros although it can get easily dented. (Again, however, this is a tradeoff based on the price, and was something I expected.)  That said, I do appreciate that it seems to be thinner than the other Dell. Performance: Overall, I have found the speed of this computer to be good. I'm not sure why my experience seems to be so different in this area than the reviewers who came before me.  I'd say maybe my expectations are low, but for my basic purposes (surfing the web, word processing and light gaming) I don't notice a difference vs. my other Dell or my Mac.  It doesn't generally get hung up, even when I have multiple programs open, which is a plus. It also works well when gaming. I've been playing The Sims 3 with expansion packs on this and haven't had any issues with the game crashing or lagging. Functionality: Overall I find the functionality of the computer to be good. With my first Dell, the Windows interface initially took some getting used to since I have almost exclusively been a Mac user for a few years. I'm not sure everything is laid out in the most intuitive manner, but do enjoy the home screen. However, after having that computer for almost a year it does become increasingly easier to get the hang of. (Especially when I played around with the mouse settings since some of the side swiping motions were tripping me up.) I still prefer the Mac interface over this, but haven't found it to be prohibitively difficult to use. This Dell also seemed to give instructions about how to do different things in Windows 8 when I was first using it, which was very welcome.  I don't remember the same tutorials automatically popping up with the other Dell, but it does seem to make it easier to get acclimated. It is important to note that this computer doesn't come with much of any preloaded software so unless you will use this only for web browsing you'll need to plan to purchase other software and should factor that cost in on top of the purchase price of the laptop.  Thankfully, if price is an issue there are increasingly a lot of great freeware programs available on the internet that offer similar functionality to more expensive programs like office or Photoshop. I also love that this computer makes it easy to connect to other devices. The # of USB ports has been sufficient for my use. Overall, I think this laptop is a great value for the money and good for everyday computing needs. I've been happy with it.  I agree with the previous users that it is not jam packed with features, BUT I also didn't really expect it to be at this price point.
R1HEAV3QUOMWYC->The pros first, easy to set up, a breeze.  The keyboard is very comfortable, the keys being separated and in my opinion easier to type with than most laptops or at least the toshibas I have been buying over the last several years. The speakers for a laptop are better than good, but than again anything is better than what toshiba provides in terms of sound quality. Alas that my friends is where the pro list ends at least thus far - in the few hours I have been playing around with it. For 400 bucks, come on Dell and throw 8 gigs of ram in  there instead of 4. The boot-up time is obscenely long. The brightness of the screen is unacceptable, being way too dark even at its highest setting. The speed of the AMD chip is noticeably slower than a comparable priced Intel Chip. HP has a very similarly equipped model at Best Buy for 329, 70 bucks cheaper and I am fairly certain that this morning is was 299 on Amazon, but now shows 342. Battery life is below average. The computer feels cheaply made and my guess is it isn't built to last For 400 dollars you can do way better than what this computer has to offer.  I feel bad giving this such a low rating when I got it for free through Amazon Vine, but you want the truth right?  Look elsewhere and get more for your money.
