R2SSIDABCZ304D->Alright, I've had this laptop for over a year now, and I use it for school, work, and play. I waited at least a year to review so that I could provide a more complete one. Great things about it: Durability: The laptop is still in great condition physically, despite having been dropped quite many times and hauled around in a book bag every day. Don't get me wrong, I've done the most I can to take care of it (regular cleaning, updates, regular use, protective casing inside booksack etc) Touch screen: Over a year and it still works like new! Still very happy with the flip feature as well. Speed: for a small laptop I thought the clock speed the features gave was pretty decent, but it hardly ever actually reaches that for it to be an average. I'm fairly certain this goes for all computers though, so admittedly, I was naiive! However, the laptop still runs just as fast as the day I got it, even with photos, video games (Assassin's Creed III, Borderlands 2, Assassin's Creed Revelations-- all of which are pushing this graphics card to its limit but it's marching on!), and 2 years worth of school work. Things that aren't so great: Audio: I was not picky about what the audio was like, but I should have been. Mine has Beats Audio, which there is a patch to disable on HP Support Forums. No matter the sound program though, it is inconsistent between different types of head or earphones, but when nothing is in the audio jack everything is fine and dandy until the volume gets above 60. Also, the speakers on the laptop are in a place that gets muffled-- which is why I am having to turn the volume so loud. Above 60, the speakers seem to &#34;buzz&#34; a bit, and I am not sure why. When the audio jack decides to work properly, this is not an issue. The touchpad: It is often unresponsive when I DO actually need it. I had the computer for a little under a year before it showed any problems in this area. I have a mouse, too, so normally it's not a big deal to switch up. More often than not, the Synaptics touchpad is disabled altogether to save myself the frustration.
ROWQKL15XJORT->Do not buy. My bad laptop started having problems one month before the one year warranty ended. I contacted HP support online and they said they would fix it. I followed their directions and the said they would fix it. I got an email later from them saying that there was some sort of &#34;mold or water damage&#34; on it.  I keep my laptops as clean as possible. I couldn't understand why they would say that. I asked them to send me pictures of this supposed mold. They sent them. It didn't look like mold. It looked like thermal grease or possibly a blown transistor. I spoke to their phone support and asked them why they would say it was mold. There's no organic material in there and none shown in the pictures they sent. The phone support person agreed with me but said they can't override what their repair technicians say. I used to be HP thru and thru... Guess they no longer back their products they way they promised they would.
R1QTHF65XIZRDM->This Laptop is great when it first comes out of the box.  But it has already crapped out on us twice.  HP Customer service is impossible to reach.  I mean &#34;literally&#34; impossible to reach.  If you get through, you must know someone who works at HP.  Amazon was very helpful in getting the problem fixed the first time.  We made a good choice by getting squaretrade.  Square Trade replaced it for us the second time this machine crapped out.  The only reason this machine has not broken a third time is because we stopped using it and upgraded to Mac.  Don't get this.  This is Garbage
RA6R324A96A59->Great computer and is more productive with touch screen after getting used to windows 8.1. Has many productivity features that I have not learned the full potential of yet.  Only problem is mouse pad has probably 10 features (not sure yet it does a ton of annoying things) that annoy and take up most the RAM, I am sure there is a way to adjust the mouse settings.  Touch screen is incredibly fast, mouse does its own thing and uses up much of the RAM.\nSecondly this computer has a great processor just a little on the downside for RAM.  I have purchased a fast SD CARD for additional $20 and Windows Ready Boost has been helping tremendously for Word and Adobe documents.  Most likely going to put 8GB RAM into it so I can utilize the full potential of the computer.
R2Y6IFIWF1Y23I->This is a pretty fast computer for an A- 8 processor. Love the touch screen and the fact that it converts to a tablet. When in tablet mode the computer is a little heavy if holding it for long periods at a time. I personally don't like having the key pad exposed , but it don't do anything to the screen because in the tablet mode the key pad is turned off.
R2H536NIJBY1SD->None
R6W0LXCAFP7PP->At first I was excited about this purchase--it was affordable, touch screen, light-weight and had decent specs. I never had an issue with my previous HP, which I used for five years (and I still use it because my new HP won't work). I have been using this new HP for six months, and as much as I appreciate the touch screen, I hope I can return it because of these issues:\n-The computer will connect to WiFi but will NOT have internet access. I have taken it to the shop twice and they are unsure about the cause.\n-The battery life was great at first, but during the fifth month it tanked to 2 hours.\n-Several times the touch feature has become unresponsive.\n-Occasionally, it will completely power down upon closing the lid (not due to low battery).\n-Twice, the mouse pad has become unresponsive and the cursor has disappeared. I had to restart to regain function.\n-On once occasion, the screen brightness stayed on the dimmest setting for an entire week despite restarting multiple times. It returned to normal brightness suddenly at a time that I was not pressing any keys.\n-Overall, programs are slow to open and files are slow to load.\nI am disappointed in this purchase and I am beginning to think that investing in a Mac is worth the money.
R21AY8YFOECK7U->Not great, but not awful either. I picked this computer after shopping at a computer super center and needing to buy a new computer after my MacBook Pro died a horrible death. This happened to be in my price range and had some of (not all) of the features I was looking for. The two biggest things that stand out to me are the display and sound quality. The screen is average, the colours do look very washed out most of the time, and I find myself reaching for my Samsung tablet to do a little online shopping instead of opening my computer right up. The volume isn't all that great-- I'm usually listening to things at 50% volume or greater when I'm at home with other things happening in the background, and even my phone (Motorola X+1) has better overall sound quality than this computer.\nI don't find myself playing with it in tent mode at all, and I've used it in tablet mode once. I like it in stand mode if I'm feeling more hands on but am doing more than my tablet can handle, but overall I just use it in laptop mode. I'm used to keyboards with predictive text now, something the on-screen keyboard is distinctly lacking, so I try to avoid using the touch keyboard. I did go out and buy an actual mouse right away because the trackpad can lag some, especially with two finger scrolling which has become fairly essential to me as I spend a lot of time on endless scrolling websites.\nBottom line is that this computer is just middle of the road, which is what I've come to expect from HP. The outside is nice, but the inside is somewhat dull, both literally and metaphorically.",
R89493UR8309->Bought this at my local Sam's Club. Same processor, but mine had 6GB of RAM. Overall, this was pretty much what I expected from a sub $600 convertible. However, the screen is absolutely terrible. The viewing angles, contrast, brightness, and colors are all unacceptable. Even for the price, it is simply not worth it.\nGreat idea, and would have been satisfied if the screen was decent. As it was, I returned it after a week.
R11E6K5FPVYL11->I've had mine for about 6 months now and still can't believe how versatile it is.  It's like a huge Swiss army knife with a tool for everything and doesn't leave me feeling like the tool.\nPros:\nCan be placed in any position - screen rotation - windows button + O (that's an Oh, not a zero)\nKeyboard is rather hard and doesn't flex like other laptops I've had\nFAST - Yes, I said it. FAST! - I use chunky music software on it and it does fine, while downloading linux - hehe - bye windows!\nTouch screen works well, but like most touch screens, be careful with drag and drop especially in list view\nTakes a beating - I know; I'm rough on just about everything I own\nHinges on screen are tough. Maybe a little stiff so I put WD40 on them...JK, don't do that\nbeats audio - A bit better than I thought it'd be and the app allows you to tweak the sound to your liking\nLarge solid state drive for bigger applications\nDoesn't get Hot like many of the other notebook/laptop thingies I've owned\nCons:\nPeople might think it's an alternative to a tablet - If that's what you want, buy one of those - This ain't a tablet at 4 lbs\nComes with bloatwares like McAfee making it take longer to personalize and slows down the machine\nThe only physical problem with it is the viewing angle of the screen is kinda small and you will not see it's ON if the sun is out\nI really have beat on it. Even played mechanic under an F250 for a week with it in tablet mode - yeah the screen cleans up.  If there are any cons, why give it 5 stars?  LOOK AT THE PRICE!!
RANOXZKCXYTFI->None
RT6KFXKDT9->None
R14EOMCCMPNERD->Worst computer ever!
RU8D2MRG17W7Y->I got this laptop from my local Staples as I needed to get something quickly to finish a paper on the Saturday afternoon my old PC decided to die on me. It was on surprise sale, there was even a $75 in-store coupon to get some items along with it, on top of the $100 discount on the laptop itself. I'll be honest, I picked this one as Staples has a generally terrible selection of laptops (in Canada at least) and this one stuck out as the only 13-inch-or-so model that didn't weight a ton, and the price seemed right as I didn't want to go on a spending spree. 13-inch display, touch screen, does not weight a ton, $100+$75 discounts, they got me. While being no IT pro, I do know big-brand PCs are riddled with bloatware and I'm generally pretty lenient with this stuff as I'm willing to get my hands dirty to improve it; this HP was no exception. First boot was terribly slow, things were popping left and right, and Windows being Windows, I was prompted to download a million updates and security fixes right off the bat. I don't think first impressions should matter in a product like this one because they are bound to be terrible. Once I had a few hours ahead of me, I started removing the crap that came pre-installed; McAfee anti-virus, WildTangent games, HP-branded utilities, etc. It helped free up some RAM and room on the 500 GB hard drive, and then one can start taking an honest look at this thing once it's a little cleaned up. The good stuff: - The processor is actually decent, it's a quad-core chip running at 2.0 GHz with a sort of turbo mode that goes up to 2.4 GHz for short bursts - The integrated graphics card (reported to be R5 M230) is capable of playing most games, at low-quality settings and at reasonable frame rates - The touch controls (on the screen, but also on the multi-touch trackpad) work well; - Decent keyboard! - Decent weight; - Good set of ports/connectivity/options; - Good-enough battery; - For an all-plastic notebook, it may look a little cheaply-made, but it's actually relatively sturdy; The meh/can be fixed to some degree stuff: - The 500 GB hard drive is dog-slow, upgradable if you are technically inclined (same for RAM); - The screen's default contrast and saturation are terrible, can be improved somewhat via the AMD Catalyst color settings; - The speakers, while good-enough, aren't exactly up to what you'd expect for something branded &#34;Beats&#34; - Windows 8.1 is annoying (personal note); The bad/can't do anything about it stuff: - The screen's resolution (tho I was not misled, I knew it was a basic 1366x786 screen right from the start); - The screen's viewing angles; - The screen's luminosity (or lack thereof); - Weird out-of-sleep wifi and Bluetooth issues, not entirely sure what's going on there. Overall, for a cheap laptop, it's not so bad - it really matters what your expectations are and what you will be using this laptop for.
RNY28Y7DRTDJF->It looks really nice. I hated that the screen didn't wasn't glass, has to be some type of hard plastic. The video / graphic quality wasn't too great either. I returned it asap
R2ONR9YL7Y4Q9W->Stay away from this laptop! I bought the AMD A8 8gb 13' model back 8/14 and after 3 months use I hate it. 1st the I've to reinstall the touch pad drivers twice, because they seem to randomly stop working. 2nd the Wifi on thing is a joke you get 2.5ghz not 5ghz and it the connection will drop at random. Turns out this is a known issue and HP has been dragging their butts to fix it. Just do a web search for "HP Pavilion x360 wifi problem" and you'll see that this has been going on from months. I should have paid extra for the Yoga 2 with the 8gb in it.
RWMCRRQGUHR21-> couldn't comment without assigning a star rating, but this is more a comment than a review. A number of people have complained about the sound quality on this product, and I was less than impressed when I tried youtube on a floor model in a nearby office superstore. I ended up buying a HP Pavilion 14-VO62us which also has BeatsAudio. The slightly larger size allows for a better sound.
R2ASLD86B8XGW->Hate it. It's slow and there internet pages are constantly loading and taking forever. My other computers that are 4 and 6 years old are much faster. I have added more RAM, removed unnecessary software, run virus scans, adware scans and malware scans. Nothing makes it better. Even removed my Mcaffee and replaced with AVG which is not supposed to slow the computer down. I'm not doing anything that uses much resources.
R3A0OJIM37P1YY->This computer stopped working and had to be sent back to the manufacturer exactly 31 days after receiving it. Or, one day past the return Window for Amazon. After reading up on the issue, I discovered that's common with this model. Total disappointment after the last 2 I bought from HP
RT80SXG1PF2MW->Don' buy it. After I bought it about one month and a half, it just could not work.When I turned the power button, the screen could not be on. So, I had to return it to the manufacture to repair it. It is a nightmare.
R1Y9TJXHI2J44G->Initially very slow, as most windows 8 pc's are as they install the hundreds of updates while you remove all the bloatware crap pre-installed. I purchased this for my company, which relies heavily on basic web use and typically it gets a good 6 hours of on-off use. The touch screen is not very responsive compared to other windows 8 convertibles I used, but I don't find this entirely necessary. Once all the nonsense is removed it runs pretty snappy.
RIOUFREOF10900->I would do zero stars if I could. I actually bought this from Costco. I returned it within 30 days. The screen is really dark and even when you increase the lightness as far as it can go, it is still dark. The color is off--muted. I looked at my FB photos and they looked awful. I don't know how to explain it exactly, it is like a TV with a funky image except you can't adjust it. The sound was low--despite the beats audio. And finally, it is top heavy. When using this as a laptop, it feels like it will tip over. And yet, because the colors are off and the video is so dark, when you put it in the other positions, you can't see the images at all. It doesn't have a backlit keyboard, which you don't realize is important until you don't have it. The processing is slow and the touchscreen is not as responsive as you would expect and/or like.
R392789D90SDS->Nice Tablet cum laptop feature. No Keyboard back light rest of the feature good. Speaker sound produce little bit echo. Sometime not getting clear voice
R983U29FIHIDF->i got one of this by 11th august by the way at now is not working, today screen dont turn...how can i do for a change?
R9827934FDEIH->On the inaugural run, the system froze. The word "Hi" remained on-screen for about five-minutes. I called customer service. They suggested holding-in the power-button and then pulling-out the battery to try restarting the process (this was our first impulse, but I also wanted to be certain that this "Hi" wasn't indicative of the system booting-up. Turns out, it wasn't. I can tell you, this did not make a great first impression.)The second time, the computer did completely boot-up. I was a little surprised at the washed-out color. (However, I am also just coming from an LG ips display). Likewise, this sound was no different than any other laptop in this price range. We started with our iTunes favorites ... but when we agreed that there was a decide lack of depth and warmth to the sound, we moved on to audio tests. After performing several standard tests, we were in accord: the Beats Audio does seem to be something of a gimmick. The sound is as tinny as one would expect with a laptop. This convertible laptop has more volume then my last two laptops, but the sounds is no richer and no deeper.I do have some concerns with overheating. At one point, it became so hot that I had to remove it from my lap and set it on its side on the hardwood floor. This is within he first two hours of using it ... and while it was under no stress. I will update this post if this becomes a genuine problem.In addition, I was frustrated to find that this laptop was flooded with bloatware (much, much more than a Dell or Alienware). Now, I must invest time in removing each "useless" program. (I haven't bothered to do this yet since I already had a false start and then had to perform audio tests). I will surely get to it ... but it is such a nuisance that it literally becomes irksome.The power-button (located on the top left side) is pretty sensitive. I already accidentally turned off the laptop simply when holding it.Typing on the touch-screen was as responsive as any other tablet. We did have a little difficult with moving over the screen though. It seems that the glass could use a higher gloss to prevent fingers from "skipping" over the screen. Moreover, I quickly grew to dislike the manner in which the laptop converts to a tablet. We had a Sony VAIO Duo 13 SVD13233CXB 13.3" Multi-Touch Convertible Ultrabook Computer ... the screen "slid" OVER the keyboard. Here, the keyboard is literally facing your lap ... it is awkward to hold and I worry about the abuse that could be sustained here. (Please note, the actual keyboard function is disabled when this is converted to a tablet ... so, if you were worried about accidental typing, it is not a concern).The touchpad: the right click and left click buttons are not differentiated. For some, this is not a problem. For others, it will truly be bothersome.If you are going to be using this more as a tablet than laptop, the computer is much too weighty for that use. However, if you are mostly using this for the laptop aspect (with the bonus of it converting to a tablet), the weight is appropriate.If you are considering purchasing this because you've been enticed by the Beats audio option, you may be disappointed. However, if you are seeking a somewhat affordable convertible for class or work, this may be a contender.
R87YDSJSIFOFDS->I eventually changed the memory stick from 4GB to 8GB. I would not advise anyone to attempt doing it without some experience in opening laptops because it was a real pain. I had to open the case, remove the battery, remove the fan, remove the motherboard to be able to access the memory slots... A long-shot from how easy it used to be (ie, open a memory trap at the back of the laptop)... With this laptop, nothing is easily accessible...The good thing is that I have figured out that instead of buying a 8GB stick, I should have ordered a 4GB because they are two slots for memory. Since the laptop should not support more than 8GB, I am now with a 4GB memory card on my hands. However, the process was so lengthy and prone to issues that I won't attempt changing it again.For info, the memory is DDR3 1600 PC3-12800.The laptops now boot from scratch to my face login in about 13 seconds and finishes loading in about 25... Pretty cool!It took about 3 reboots to get this score, time for windows to adapt to the new ram. The first run took more than one minute to boot.I ran the experience index again and it definitely improved: it was 5.9 and it went to 7.0 for the memory.Another update:I just finished swapping the hard drive too for a 256GB Corsair Force LX Sata 3 SSD. The HD score went from 5.9 to 8.2. I was surprised because I thought that the max score was 7.9 but it appears that the max score has been raised to 9.9 under Win8.1. The boot time is still around 20 seconds. Not a huge improvement but it is normal since most boot up info is located in the RAM.If I could only upgrade the video card, I may end up with a real racing machine :)
R894R88HF9E9->Worst computer ever!
R893298U9EW8U->Ehhhh..... this computer is not user friendly. heavy to use as a tablet, the interactive keyboard is anoying to use and very sensitive to the touch (for example, when Im searching the internet, the computer suddently change to another webpage). Also, the touchscreen sometimes doesn't work properly. Is not what I expected
RUIHVIDSHIS->I hated that the screen didn't wasn't glass, has to be some type of hard plastic. The video / graphic quality wasn't too great either. I returned it asap
RUIEWHIUHEIWHI->Terrible computer. slow, freezes, cannot handles complicated site. Heavy and unable to seemlesly handle Office softwares. Battery life is a joke. Its basically a big paperweight.
RU93248U98U9->At first I was excited about this purchase--it was affordable, touch screen, light-weight and had decent specs. I never had an issue with my previous HP, which I used for five years (and I still use it because my new HP won't work). I have been using this new HP for six months, and as much as I appreciate the touch screen, I hope I can return it because of these issues:R2SSIDABCZ304D->None
ROWQKL15XJORT->None
R1QTHF65XIZRDM->None
RA6R324A96A59->None
R2Y6IFIWF1Y23I->Great computer and is more productive with touch screen after getting used to windows 8.1. Has many productivity features that I have not learned the full potential of yet.  Only problem is mouse pad has probably 10 features (not sure yet it does a ton of annoying things) that annoy and take up most the RAM, I am sure there is a way to adjust the mouse settings.  Touch screen is incredibly fast, mouse does its own thing and uses up much of the RAM. Secondly this computer has a great processor just a little on the downside for RAM.  I have purchased a fast SD CARD for additional $20 and Windows Ready Boost has been helping tremendously for Word and Adobe documents.  Most likely going to put 8GB RAM into it so I can utilize the full potential of the computer.
R2H536NIJBY1SD->awesome my husband loves this!
R6W0LXCAFP7PP->Wifi problems galore. At least 10 calls to hp plus I mailed it in twice. They had me change the router, I did. Still the same problem...They said it was the modem, the cable company was here three times and even replaced the modem. Google &#34;HP pavillion wifi problems&#34; and you'll see exactly what I mean. There is no end to this problem in sight.  Furthermore, I never had my wifi drop ever with my Dell. Update 6/22/15...I called hp again and after hearing that they wanted to do a clean install I thought oh boy, I better find my own solution quick. I Googled the dns error while on the phone with support and found a video on you tube, the tech made the suggested changes remotely and after about three weeks of use I haven't had one wifi drop. thus I changes the rating from one to three stars. The tech said he would share this information with other co workers so hopefully at least others will have this problem fixed more quickly. It should never have taken so long but today it works.
R21AY8YFOECK7U->None
R827384277823->I will never buy an HP product again - the laptop will not power on, and HP online support has at least eight users with the same problem and no solutions posted. My problem? I need to do a hard reset and you can't remove the battery on this laptop. So there's a combination of button pushes, but since HP has approximately 400 models with 400 unique combinations (trust me, I've watched their video - their models sound like condo development names)... hey, how much money did they save by omitting a reset button? Or was it because they figured that since they're in silicon valley they're cool like Apple. Nuh uh. Oh, I tried calling online support, but couldn't find a human - after all, I just need to know the magical key combination.
R9837R92U9D8U9->HP used to be a premium American tech company. That was 30 years ago. Now they are a corporate has-been waiting to go the way of RCA, Digital Equipment and other former champions now greeting gamblers in sleazy las vegas casinos. The new buzz is that they're entering the 3D printing market - here's a hot tip: buy the stock of their competitors and short HP. They'll be bankrupt in 5 years because of former customers like me. And their tech support employees will have well-deserved futures foraging for nuts and berries in the cold cold forest.
R9832U98432->Bought this at my local Sam's Club. Same processor, but mine had 6GB of RAM. Overall, this was pretty much what I expected from a sub $600 convertible. However, the screen is absolutely terrible. The viewing angles, contrast, brightness, and colors are all unacceptable. Even for the price, it is simply not worth it.
RURWIUIE09328->Stay away from this laptop! I bought the AMD A8 8gb 13' model back 8/14 and after 3 months use I hate it. 1st the I've to reinstall the touch pad drivers twice, because they seem to randomly stop working. 2nd the Wifi on thing is a joke you get 2.5ghz not 5ghz and it the connection will drop at random. Turns out this is a known issue and HP has been dragging their butts to fix it. Just do a web search for "HP Pavilion x360 wifi problem" and you'll see that this has been going on from months. I should have paid extra for the Yoga 2 with the 8gb in it.
R32U89298329->After reading through a few forums I found a work around, if you change the laptop power settings High performance the Wifi connection will not drop or time out and it's a lot faster. But this will drain your battery quicker. Giving this 2 stars
R93288942798->I couldn't comment without assigning a star rating, but this is more a comment than a review. A number of people have complained about the sound quality on this product, and I was less than impressed when I tried youtube on a floor model in a nearby office superstore. I ended up buying a HP Pavilion 14-VO62us which also has BeatsAudio. The slightly larger size allows for a better sound.
R298U492U922->Not exactly what I thought I wanted, better!!!!
R09283029I09I->I enjoy all my amd products
R983798298322->Hate it. 
R2939283892EU->Don' buy it.
R98234928E9->It is a reliable computer, and I love the touch screen. But the downsides: it doesn't not pick up certain wifi that my phone and my g/f computer do perfectly fine. Also, in the middle of sessions on Internet explorer it randomly goes back to the desktop screen for no reason at all. I believe the issue is Windows 8
R84392R89DU928-> would do zero stars if I could. I actually bought this from Costco. I returned it within 30 days. The screen is really dark and even when you increase the lightness as far as it can go, it is still dark. The color is off--muted. I looked at my FB photos and they looked awful. I don't know how to explain it exactly, it is like a TV with a funky image except you can't adjust it. The sound was low--despite the beats audio. And finally, it is top heavy. When using this as a laptop, it feels like it will tip over. And yet, because the colors are off and the video is so dark, when you put it in the other positions, you can't see the images at all. It doesn't have a backlit keyboard, which you don't realize is important until you don't have it. The processing is slow and the touchscreen is not as responsive as you would expect and/or like.
R11E6K5FPVYL11->I've had mine for about 6 months now and still can't believe how versatile it is.  It's like a huge Swiss army knife with a tool for everything and doesn't leave me feeling like the tool. Pros: Can be placed in any position - screen rotation - windows button + O (that's an Oh, not a zero) Keyboard is rather hard and doesn't flex like other laptops I've had FAST - Yes, I said it. FAST! - I use chunky music software on it and it does fine, while downloading linux - hehe - bye windows! Touch screen works well, but like most touch screens, be careful with drag and drop especially in list view Takes a beating - I know; I'm rough on just about everything I own Hinges on screen are tough. Maybe a little stiff so I put WD40 on them...JK, don't do that beats audio - A bit better than I thought it'd be and the app allows you to tweak the sound to your liking Large solid state drive for bigger applications Doesn't get Hot like many of the other notebook/laptop thingies I've owned Cons: People might think it's an alternative to a tablet - If that's what you want, buy one of those - This ain't a tablet at 4 lbs Comes with bloatwares like McAfee making it take longer to personalize and slows down the machine The only physical problem with it is the viewing angle of the screen is kinda small and you will not see it's ON if the sun is out I really have beat on it. Even played mechanic under an F250 for a week with it in tablet mode - yeah the screen cleans up.  If there are any cons, why give it 5 stars?  LOOK AT THE PRICE!!
RANOXZKCXYTFI->None