R2WCWYOVV1RHTP->Works well for what I need it for.  I recommend this laptop.  1TB is enough space for anyone.
R1YXM7JRNC2YQV->I would like to have the microsoft office key which comes w computers.
R360BZX0A7MWJQ->The reviews that are written for this advertised Dell computer are for other Dell computers. Let's get the reviews removed from this computer please!
R3QHRG3DUKH3P8->Got rid of my big computer and just use the laptop. I really like it and is easy to use and convenient to take with you.
R1K9FC5HPCFWCL->Very good price
R39TPO9LE3F7AD->They are as described and arrives as promised.
RP5K8E32LMDIQ->Built in mouse doesn't work well.
R3I9092E3U0J96->The laptop works great. Am pleased with the purchase. It takes some getting used to Windows 8.1 but am getting used to it. I bought a wireless keyboard and mouse to go with it but I usually just use the keyboard and pad on the laptop.
R264DPBOUA0J4M->Great product at a great price!!
R2JBRJR66CDJFP->I would have given it a 5 but I don't care for the cheap feel of the keyboard.  I really like the i5 speed and transitioning from W7 to 8.1 was not as stressful as I imagined it to be.  It's a pretty sweet machine overall, the price was definitely right and delivery was on time.
RVE0F7T19HINX->Bought this laptop computer for my wife. So far she likes it and is operating well.
R2GBGR2QNGT3CY->Broke my aux port
R1501VEEIRC7EG->If used as a computer to do simple work and simple from the house, it is a good computer; but if what you're looking for is a computer for more sophisticated jobs and that require much processing it is best to seek other options because it is not be what you're looking for. For the needs of my home, this computer proved to be an excellent investment.
RXQK4993CNYK->It is good .. .
R2DC3D1PJ7HSSR->Had one of the number keys get stuck right the first day and had to ask a tec to look at it it was minor but disappointing. Over all the laptop is great, the apps and touch screen are very kool and easy to use, takes getting used to though it is very touchy.
R3P64M9QYIH9IN->The laptop was delivered ahead of schedule, which is always a plus. Mostly everything about this computer is great. Love the keyboard for some reason. The computer is fast, after you get rid of all the useless and some times duplicates files. The tack pad is a negative, as it tends to not function properly. (Using a mouse counter this problem well) The graphics aren't amazing, but still pretty good. Overall great product
R2PY2TGZ0PMWNP->This dell was purchased in latter November and developed a keyboard issue,  still under warranty advised that computer could only be serviced by mail and this would take 3 weeks without guarantee of repair.  Per their warranty if computer could not be repaired it would be replaced, a mail only service was not specified in their contract.  When my daughter contacted them asking if dell authorized repair could replace the part they said yes but you will need to pay for this service and then advised that she could replace the part herself which would then void the warranty as per warranty contract.  She then asked if she would be reimbursed for this charge.  mind you the product is still under warranty it is only  4 mo old.  no abuse has occurred this is a mechanical error in production. If dell doesn't stand by their product and offer immediate assistance when their computer is not functioning then what good is their name, product or warranty.  When you are in the middle finals you cannot loose your computer for 3 weeks it is not feasible.
R38HV7IA8AZJ30->The HD Resolution and Sound quality is very poor. The in build DVD ROM is not able to read simple new tutorial CD. I dont recommand to buy the product of DELL specially they have some hidden track on behalf of limited depot contract
R25TT7MEZX7LT2->The mouse touch pad driver is defective and stops working all the time.  It requires a reboot to start working again... and sometimes several reboots. I have installed the newest driver to no avail. This issue makes this laptop utterly USELESS. Don't waste your money you will regret this purchase.
R2E6BO2FKHMHBP->Awesome product. bought it for my brother in law and hes absolutely over the moon. you cant go wrong with Dell
R1CT57G2E0PP8L->Have used Dell products - PCs and Laptops for over 15 yrs. and this one meets every expectation and need.  You can hardly ask for more in a laptop!
R37WSQ88FD05AB->excellent computer, very happy with it
R1YSDTZDSS2WT->Great computer for the price. A little large for portability purposes, but has plenty of RAM and processing power to do your everyday computing.
RDA72BS2P4NUL->I'm very pleased with the purchase.  I shopped around and paid less here, it came quickly, but the packaging was lame.  Thankfully no issues with the way it slid all over the box.  We had set up issues and a Dell person was absolutely wonderful. The man did a remote invasion and as my husband told him what he'd like, the man did it for him!  Then, he gave his name and said, &#34;Call me back personally if you have any other problems.&#34;  Wow!  Our own personal geek.
R1IAVP1B5O7LUV->i bought this laptop to replace my old desktop computer which finally died on me. I wanted something portable that would be equally  capable of doing everything I used to do on my desktop while giving me the portability and touchscreen features I have become accustomed to using my iPhone. I had have found that I can do nearly everything I wanted to do; surf the web, email, directions can be done more conveniently on my phone. That being said I realized I still need a full computer for other things so I went with this laptop. It exceeded my expectations in everyday. Window 8 is a bit of a change for me and took some getting used to, but I appreciate the similarities to using my phone. The only thing I would complain about is the very weak volume, as others have said, otherwise it is perfect. One other thing I didn't think about was a backlit keyboard. I never gave it a thought, but if I ever have to buy another laptop, this is a feature I would look for as I frequently use this in the dark. The screen itself does illuminate the keyboard, but backlit keys would be a definate plus!  Love my new laptop!
R10FGHSWVQQA2F->Touch screen is cool.
RTN1BSSJP97TS->GReat computer with touchscreen, my daughter was so happy with it!
R2L3FT9P1BIEWI->Really Good... I Love It..
R24KSUAKGEJ5UD->Bought it for my wife as Christmas present,she had another brand with the bottom part  getting very hot .she was complaining about it all the time. Very happy with this one which stays cool even after hours of use .
R2OIPHRHPX7E8J->Unit came with defective numeric lock control.  Had to return the unit.  In the process of ordering the same model.
RS7QT8NL0O6TS->I am enjoying my laptop for about 2 months now.  Would have given 5 stars but the sound quality is a little disappointing
R21KOQ7O64R7PB->Nice laptop
R3NHAV15U5OWGR->I just started using this a couple of weeks ago, so I don't have any information regarding long-term durability, but I really like this computer! For the large size screen, it is relatively light compared to others. I got it set up quickly and I figured out the Windows 8.1 quickly after not having any previous experience with it. It was easy to get the desktop in the order I wanted it and remove lots of the icons from programs I'll never use. I wanted to use a laptop primarily as a portable computer to be able to project microscopic images to show middle school students both fixed slides and living microscopic organisms in small group discussions, but got a higher end to allow for expanded use later. It worked great with the microscope hook up so that we could all view the microscopic images at the same time to discuss in real time while watching the microorganisms swim by. It was a real hit in the classroom! I also like the option for touchscreen. I found that I got used to it so fast that just within a couple of weeks, I'm reaching to touch the screen of my work computer which doesn't have the touchscreen capabilities! I'm glad I paid a little more for something a bit more than what I actually needed.
R331MHOMCEO8YR->Fantastic laptop for the price!
RMA2G1WN5L2D6->There's so many choices out there for laptops and notebooks.  I was a bit nervous ordering sight-unseen.  But I figured I can't go wrong with Dell.  I've had other Dells that I was very happy with.  We were surprised and pleased when it came. This is a very nice computer for the money. The response time and program operation is smooth and quick. The sound is good. The battery life is respectable. The touch screen is very nice, responsive. This feels sturdy, the hinge is tight.  I've had touch laptops that were flimsy and you had to basically hold the screen or it would flop over if you touched it. The thing I DON'T LIKE about this: We have iPads and a Kindle, and other touch laptops (older). This is our first Windows 8 laptop, so yeah, it's a little weird.  Just takes some getting used to.  We did a lot of "Where the heck is the ..." But the thing I dislike MOST was the bloatware on it.  This sold from Amazon, so I'm guessing it shipped from Dell the way Dell set it up.  They put a LOT of junk software on there that I've never heard of.  Some of it seemed to duplicate things already on there.  There were annoying "help tech" popup icons that I couldn't get rid of and other stuff that just looked like Malware constantly running in programs and services.  I uninstalled a lot of junk: helpers, troubleshooters, monitors, malware protectors, etc.etc. etc.  None of them were from Dell, they were all 3rd party software.  I don't know if Dell is getting paid to put that crap on there or what, but I prefer the single-suite antivirus/anti malware approach.  And if I have computer problems I'll call or email.  I don't need an annoying smiling icon of some "PC Tech" pinned over the top of my programs telling me to "click here for assistance".  No thanks.  That stuff can't possibly do your performance any good.
R26UWJ9CPOL8D9->Excellent choice!  A little heavier than expected but all in all its a great computer.
RV0O9D7ZQ1NMX->It's perfect
R1CV3XTN5SK72Z->This was a gift for our daughter and she loves it.
R1A8K5IF2S6YNX->Better than expected!
R3D6MVRKLDE5AS->Except for its barely adequate audio, the laptop itself is OK. My main complaint is with Windows 8.1, the biggest joke Microsoft has ever perpetrated on users. It's beyond me why they thought anyone would want to run a pc/laptop using a touchscreen and apps, as if it were a tablet or smart phone. Ridiculous. The first thing I did was disable the touchscreen. Then I downloaded a nice little program called Start8 from stardock.com. It gives you back the start button that the idiots at Microsoft left out. It's configurable, and you have the option of never having to see the new start screen again. Now Windoze looks like Windoze again! Works great, highly recommended. The start button, however, is not the only thing gone from 8.1... no Chess, Hearts, Solitaire, Mahjong Titans, Freecell, Spider Solitaire, or Minesweeper either. Go figure.
R1B63O9P25AOB6->It's an excellent computer. Meet with all my requirements. Good price, excellent performance, and big scree. Definitely, I love it!!
R274VBN8W69XPX->A little heavier than I expected
R3PHT8TDRCN1TO->It's easy to use. Touch screen is definitely a plus, I'm glad we went with that option. No complaints so far.
RWL0QPPASKPV6->Good computer for the price.
R23UUW07CSYMQQ->quick svrvice.ordered product.very happy
R32SAJ8MULUNIM->I was a little uncertain about getting a Core i5 machine versus a Core i7 but some reviews showed both processors being very close in throughput. This laptop is priced well below any Dell with a Core i7 & speed seems very fast - installing programs from the built in CD-ROM takes little time, even with large programs like Photoshop. The touchscreen works better than any I've used before, likely because it's capacitive versus the older optical technology. Mouse is easy to use. Keyboard feel is not quite what I'd like but it's as good as I've found at this price point. Screen is bright, clear & sharp. Display isn't 1080p but is more than adequate for business uses, some gaming, YouTube, Photoshop editing, etc. To say that I'm pleased is an understatement.
RJRE2LKODPXNX->I gave it to my daughter for Christmas & so far she is very happy with it.
R15FTC8X47S60E->Muy buena
R2WZEDFH4UE5VF->Nice machine. Very thin, reasonably light. Wide screen and very fast! Well worth the money spent.
R294F5LQAI74E1->Dell Inspiron i3542-8333BK 15.6-Inch Touchscreen Laptop Good price $ 582 Good Performance i5, ram8gb, hd1tb no more upgrade Classic Black Flexible with keyboard/ touchscreen/ face detection connect with HMDX HX-HP410 BLUE BLUETOOTH HEADPHONES $19.00 (with microphone can work as handfree smartphone) http://www.frys.com/search?plusearch=8242486+8242496+8242516&utm_source=BANG&utm_medium=onlineads Perfect for my daughter work in university.
R7A3IN3VU3P9O->I like this labtop.  Very easy to use and user friendly really work the money that I paid fir
R2GL440PT8BSZU->Excellent computer. I just want think it should be built with harder materials.
R1JQ1TN6NKHSY7->Best gift ever.
R1P6IHK90CL26B->I ordered this laptop for my parents and its been a perfect media center device for them! The touch screen is precise and even though personally I am not a fan of windows 8 its perfect for my parents. The laptop does not come with a lot of filler apps or programs like most large manufacturer laptops do which is a huge plus. With a few tweaks I have been able to make it instant boot. Since its touch screen it works very well for bluestacks which is an android emulator. The device is silent and runs very cool, battery life is quite lengthy. In conclusion I would suggest this laptop for anyone who is looking for a great work or media PC. Its not a gaming laptop so don't expect much out of it for that.
R20ZN559EX0WN4->Christmas gift, not opened yet
R3HX4SQWIGRSY->This is a very good laptop.  I've used it about a month and I really like it.  Here are some specific comments:  1) touchscreen - if you have an iPad it is very intuitive.  It is easy to add and remove apps to the Start screen. If you have a question on how to do things you can easily Google and find an answer.  2) touchpad - I don't like touch pads and this one is as bad as the rest.  My solution:  disabled it and used a wireless mouse.  I alternate between using it and the touchscreen feature.  3) speed - for a moderately priced laptop it is really fast.  It takes about 10 seconds to load up.  4) preloaded stuff - there are lots of Dell apps that are pre-loaded on the start screen.  You can easily &#34;unpin&#34; them and put the stuff you use most often on the screen.  Windows 8.1 makes it a snap to do this.  5) the default browser is Explorer.  No surprise here.  But if you want to add an application like Gmail to the Start screen you can do it only by using Explorer rather than Chrome. 5) screen resolution- not bad but certainly not hi-def, but what do you expect for a little over $500?  Are the speakers marginal.  Sure they are.  Use headphones or buy some small speakers to improve the sound. As opposed to comments from others, set-up was a snap for me.  The wireless connection is very good.
R17KQE1JVPFR3Z->i love it
R1W2ZCI25ZFBZ3->Bought this computer for my wife, I was really excited to get it all setup and ready for her, Boy was I disappointed, It took 4 try's and 3 hours just to get this thing to load in to windows, crashing every time, But well this is a Dell there supposed to be a great computer right, well I finally got it through and running spent 2 more hours personalizing it for her, then I remembered, I need to make a recovery disk just in case of Hard Disk failure,  grabbed a DVD ready to pop it in and get started, No luck the DVD was dead wouldn't open  and was not even listed in the drive list. so no worry I'll just log on to Dells website and have them send me a new one right, wrong, after giving them my dell  number I was informed that the warranty was all ready expired and I had this thing 1 day new out of the box. buy not to worry I could buy an extended warranty from them, No way, that's when I put it back in to the box and get a UPS pickup scheduled to go back to Amazon.  after this junk Dell is selling I am looking else where for a better computer. Made In China use at your own risk.
R1PD1FT1UK1EPE->Its a sleek and a compact notebook for a holiday pricing
R3U5XOC4NR68KW->To begin with, the box that the computer was in was packed inside another larger box, which was a good idea except for the fact that their was no bubble wrap or packing paper to prevent the inner box from banging around. Thankfully the computer was OK. Then when I opened the Dell box and removed the laptop and power attachment I was surprised to see that there was nothing else in the box except a warranty statement, no instructions, no operating system CD or driver CD as I have always found in previous laptops from Dell (this is the 4th laptop from Dell). And then of course there is the whole 8.1 learning curve, but lets not get into that.
R1PLDF6ICBM2J5->My parents were looking to retire their 15 year old desktop and were interested in some around the house portability.  This unit provided that with it being rugged enough to take a few bumps here and there.  The touch screen is very responsive and keyboard/track-pad both perform well.  I didn't get to spend a significant amount of time with the unit, but they have found it to meet their needs and more. This would be a good unit for someone heading off to college, but it is by no means a unit for lots of travel.  It's a bit heavy, but not as heavy as some.  The i5 processor performs well with Office and general programs in Windows 8.1 without any lag.  It's well worth the money.
R10QEX5JV7H6XI->Bought as gift. Recipient very pleased with all features of the laptop including the touch screen feature.
R1D69LD0ADPRL8->I love it! Except when my cat's tail or nose touches the screen and the screen follows whatever command they activated....
R24XUHNX1KA2NE->very good.
R108YTL4PEC544->It s a gret machinne 10/10
R1PRFHAUTXZ7MG->A bit bulky but looks well-made with ample memory. Happy with the purchase and the price.
R1GMZ7HKKOXMQ9->For the price, this computer is unbeatable for anyone who needs a good, dependable computer for everyday use.
R18FV3VKWGSVT6->Nice laptop but having issues getting accustomed to using windows 8.1. My wife and I are long time windows nt users at our business, this is very different and not as intuitive as we had hoped...
RBDHUINMHAJY7->It's a nice laptop.
R2NOAN9LM1BGUW->Just as represented.  Great price.  Great computer.
R1PE7UNEBIE3SS->I love it! The only problem are the speakers, they are reaaaaaally low but the laptop is so great that I dont really care at all. I connect my earphones at work and other speakers at home and I dont really notice the problem. If you dont care about this,  5 starts to it!
R1Z3TIJFR72RI->Its not good product at all. It very platic and the quality of screen is worst. It got hanged within few hours of delivery, and The SPEAKERS are worst. You will not be able to hear anything.
R1ZZ818PIZ0OQ0->I love the design of the product. For 589$, this is fully worth, if you are fine with i5 processor and non HD display without graphics card.
RBPVV41UGQW63->For the most part this computer worked fine and I liked it. The problem I had was that the internet connection kept disconnecting. It would eventually reconnect, but sometimes took 2-3 minutes. It became very annoying and I only had the computer for a few days. I know it was this computer because all the other laptops in the house didn't have this problem. I Returned it.
