R1ETEIMDF5NM9->So far, so good!
RIXKA0T7P5MSM->I wanted to love this laptop but I ended up taking it back to Bestbuy and getting a refund. It seems to run slower than it should be given the processor  was a fifth generation i7 and had 8 gigs of ram.\nI could have lived with the speed  of the computer but the wifi was unusable for me, it would disconnect all the time and often times wouldn't even see any wifi networks . Yes I updated the wifi adapter drivers, uninstalled them, reinstalled them etc but nothing worked. Reading reviews I know I'm not alone with this problem and I know Windows 10 has issues with the wifi but I didn't want to spend the good money on this hoping it might be fixed someday. I was also getting weird start up anomalies where the computer would go into repair mode and again it could be a W10 issue but I it didn't leave me feeling very secure about the product\nEverything else on it is very cool but too bad the issues weren't cleared up.\nThe tablet and touch screen were awesome
R3R71CZGQCHCEQ->I am very happy with this laptop.  I've had it for almost a month now, and I use it every day.  I love the touchscreen; it came with Windows 8.1 and I have not upgraded to 10 yet but I'm surprisingly happy with 8. I have at this point used many of the features and consider myself an intermediate to advanced computer user.  It was simple to set up and is simple to use and I haven't had any problems with any programs or setup.  It also comes happily clear of bloatware so there is little to delete or change upon setup.  The processing speed is perfect for what I need. I use this laptop primarily for typing documents as I have a transcription business.  The keyboard is smooth, I feel the mouse pad is well placed and well designed.  I have no complaints with any of this, and this laptop replaces a fairly new Acer whose keyboard I HATE.  It does a great job for the price. My one fairly large criticism is the optical drive, which is something I require in my business.  In reading I have done, it appears some Lenovos have an issue burning a blank disk.  This is clearly one of them!  You can't do anything with a blank disk - I've tried different CDs and DVRs from different manufacturers.  The drive is not recognized at all if there is a blank disk in it, and the laptop locks up so you have to reboot it.  You often can't eject the disk at all without doing it manually with a pin.  I've spent hours trying to figure this issue out and following instructions I've found on line for changing registry entries etc, but nothing seems to work for me.  A disk that is formatted works flawlessly.  I WILL end up calling technical support as it's clearly under warranty but I didn't want to waste a bunch more time on the phone just yet if I could figure it out myself!  I have other laptops I can use for burning disks, but that is a pain. Overall I rate this laptop 4 stars and if the disk issue can be fixed, at this point I would give it 5!
R1KSVQ0ESW1JDA->I wrote a review previously about this lap top and I am surprised that I did not get any feedback. My laptop came quickly, I do have Amazon Prime so it arrived on time. Everything works well, except for one thing. From the first day I connected my computer, there was some discomfort between  my hand and the extreme bottom of the laptop. I was not sure what it was, but it felt hollow, and would make a crackling sound if I pressed on it. This went on for months. However, about a month ago, I saw a tiny black screw right below my laptop, just sitting there on the table. I was stunned and wondered where could that have come from. I mean my laptop was purchased on August 5. Surely, it couldn't be falling apart. To my surprise, it was. To my even more surprise, one was already missing. I went on to check the rest and all were loose. Unbelievable! I then went on to tighten the screws that were left. Since then, the crackling sound is no more. I am utterly disappointed. My laptop could have fallen apart and then what. You mean every screw was loose? Who does that? I know that it came that way because from the very first time I turned my laptop on, I had this issue, but thought I was paranoid. I do not know what else is wrong because of this, but I hate that I received a defective laptop. A product should be received in tact, and I believe that it is mere carelessness to release an item without thoroughly checking it. Apart from that,my laptop works well. It has been doing everything it said it would. I particularly like the keys and in the dark, the back light.
R2D71310VAEJO6->awesome
R21SVUMXX84MX3->This was my daughter's starting college present.  She LOVES it.  The keyboard has good tactile response and the backlighting makes it easy to type with the lights off.  The screen resolution is really good.  It runs Office 2013 and whatever else she throws on it quite well.  Generally she uses entertainment and phone related apps, so the workload isn't quite as high as what I put on a machine.  I upgraded it to Windows 10 as soon as we got it and have not been disappointed.
R3EGYFAV8J61QG->None
R33ULMGN4SZXJE->I bought this laptop over 6months ago and I really like it.It did however have some lose screws which I tightened  and I noticed that two of them have fallen out.not sure what's going on, this computer is handled pretty gently and there's no reason for screws to fall out of a computer that remains on a desk pretty much all the time. Other than that I have had no problems with the computer itself.
RQ53GKZ2DB6D0->I just got the Lenovo Flex 2 laptop 15.6 inch Touchscreen today, 10/19/2015, and I am very disappointed.  The keyboard is HORRIBLE, very squishy, unresponsive and awful to type on. Have to really push hard on the keys and watch the screen to see if all the letters show up!  Constantly deleting or backspacing to correct.  I don't hold out for this laptop to last very long.  It truly is awful.  Take my advice and don't buy a computer unless you can look at it.  Just a heads up from a very disappointed customer, buyer beware.
R31BS7ZMCBZ0FF->Love it, but it was to easy to break, I owned it for not even a week till I dropped it.  I am good at dropping computers, but the hard drive was amazing, the speed was amazing, but now I am stuck paying on a 800 dollar computer and I had to throw it away.
R7342979HIUDS->This is my experience with my this stupid laptop... ( it doesn't matter if its the software or the hardware its still my experience with this laptop)\nSound: It somehow got worse and worse and watching Netflix is no longer enjoyable on this laptop. The sound is broken, you can stilll make sense of the sounds but it's just a broken dvd.\nDisplay: it was great, i loved the screen display, but the Shock Wave plugin started to crash since I got the laptop so it stopped youtube videos and Netflix all the time and the only way to fix it was to restart the laptop, every single time.\nKeyboard; I thought it would be great, but it wasn't so good. The keyboard was a bit unresponsive but it wasn't a huge deal\nTochcreen: better than I thought, so that  was great\nI have been taking care of the laptop, since it cost me alot but I dont know if I can afford to buy another one. I don't recommend this laptop at all at this price.
R78687GDGSUHI->This thing is so good I bought it twice.
RUOSJOHOOA000->This is an excellent computer. One thing I will note is that it only comes with a trial of MS Office. I didn't realize that when I bought it. No big deal. It is the perfect size and great for my teenager to get work done on.",
R80980VBSHIS->Freakin useless!!  I have had this laptop for 7 months and not only does the keyboard now not work, the screen has gone blank and I seem to have no way in getting in touch with any one to ask about it!!  Don't buy tech devices on Amazon.  seriously!
R68979708GTHSY->Great Laptop!!!
ROPNSHJDSU900->Good computer! Good Price.\nWindows needs a replacement though.
R6878GHDNSOO->I almost five months with the laptop and hurt already , need repair , whom I can contact
RJUDBAKAPAI80->Ripped off.  My bad.  I never use an optical drive.  Then recently, 10 months after purchase, I went to use it  and it just makes a clicking sound and will not work.  It has never worked and now I have to go through the warranty process.  They sold me seconds not firsts.  This place is a ripoff.  I was really dumb for not checking out the drive.  The rest of the laptop was great.
R12987VVJSIS9->Really love this laptop, it's easy to hold and type on. I wasn't crazy about getting a touch-screen and am still trying to get used to it (taking caution when pointing at the screen, etc). It's very slim and easy to travel with, and is fast when browsing the internet.
R893YTDBKSSLJ->This is my experience with my this stupid laptop... ( it doesn't matter if its the software or the hardware its still my experience with this laptop)\nSound: It somehow got worse and worse and watching Netflix is no longer enjoyable on this laptop. The sound is broken, you can stilll make sense of the sounds but it's just a broken dvd.\nDisplay: it was great, i loved the screen display, but the Shock Wave plugin started to crash since I got the laptop so it stopped youtube videos and Netflix all the time and the only way to fix it was to restart the laptop, every single time.\nKeyboard; I thought it would be great, but it wasn't so good. The keyboard was a bit unresponsive but it wasn't a huge deal\nTochcreen: better than I thought, so that  was great\nI have been taking care of the laptop, since it cost me alot but I dont know if I can afford to buy another one. I don't recommend this laptop at all at this price.
R090CDHJSKNKSJ->This thing is so good I bought it twice.
R890KKSLLOANX->I almost five months with the laptop and hurt already , need repair , whom I can contact
