R34ITW37FAMY2->Really inexpensive laptop for my kid. Lots of updates to install, but the hardware is perfect. Very happy with it.
R1XTRSQYG0ZI61->Sent back.  Only worked some of the time.  Very disappointed.
R3V0LN2VCL0H8U->This was NOT refurbished properly. I was locked out of the computer and would be forced to pay just to be able to access it. This item was not wiped and did not perform properly. I am returning it immediately. I am very disappointed.
R385LAM6WYVERU->No problems with the refurbished model. My son has used it daily since last Christmas.
R2ZMXMPXRX0MWF->It's very nice and does so much- it's very versatile.
R1IR21OGCRRRN7->works well, a little worn and had been fixed by placing a big silver sticker over the back to cover up wear.. But works fine
RBISXFI01EYXA->Arrived quickly and as expected.
R3JKKHV12FEZYI->So far so good I have no complaint good as new
R3M7MTUHCD2D46->Right after going through the installation and setup process, I attempted to install my first piece of required software and quickly discovered that the promise of a &#34;Windows&#34; tablet was actually a joke. The near worthless half-crippled &#34;tablet&#34; version of Windows 8.1 makes this a very expensive and poor competitor to every other Android tablet on the market. I have since learned that Microsoft is no longer making these and their newer ones have &#34;real&#34; Windows so they seem to have learned their lesson, but buyer beware.  If you are expecting a tablet that can run your Windows programs, you are going to be very disappointed if you purchase the Surface 2. The only reason that I gave two stars and not one, was that the responsiveness and ease of use of the device make it fine if the limited software is all you require. Crippled versions of MS office are included so you can save some money there.
R2M0N6EB82I0YF->Worst Product dont purchase.I received the item toay and after login in first time started IE, OS crashed immediately on opening IE. After sometime showed blue screen and then started showing some irregular pixels as shown in the second uploaded image when touched the screen.One of my worst purchase !!!!Microsoft Surface 2 RT Tablet 64GB (Certified Refurbished)
R8790907090->Love this product. Good quality and can't tell it was reconditioned. Only issue thus far is the sound. Perhaps this was the problem that was to be refurbished, or overlooked in the process of refurbishment. The volume of the speaker is low, weak and hard to hear. I have another Surface, so I know the difference. When I plug in earphones/ear buds, the sound is normal and of adequate strength. To further complicate the sound, occasionally it raises to full volume, and the control button has no affect in regulating the sound. I have to restart and the problem goes away. Something is not right, but, not a deal killer as long I can continue to get the sound to work with ear phones.
RT989UIHI->Contrary to the negative reviews, my experience thus far has been great. I did have to keep the device plugged in (due to device not recognizing the battery) and had to do what seemed like endless updates. However, once I was fully updated everything worked as it should (battery was recognized and drivers installed properly) and is an excellent tablet. 4-stars due to light scuffs on the back of the Surface. Not a deal breaker, functions flawlessly. Mini HDMI is an awesome feature too! Our I-Pad can't touch this thing. There really is no comparison. Surface is essentially a "lap-top lite" where as the I-Pad is a glorified I-Phone that can't make calls. I purchased this for my better half and she uses it in her day to day all the time. Watching Netflix, listening to music, even in the kitchen as her digital recipe book! I can't resist hijacking it from time to time to play games on it though! Overall very happy with my purchase.
R676846HGGU->Disappointed. I wish I could have found more and better information. Cannot download any programs. Everything I try to download gives error cannot run on your system. If you cant run anything whats the point in having it?
R76FGF7657->Second refurbished Microsoft Surface 2 I bought. One worked for about a week and died. One never worked right out of the box. Would not take a charge and would not load Windows. Excellent customer service on both returns, no questions asked, and my credit card was refunded promptly.
RVHGAS8799->works perfect! I had to really look hard at the top and bottom of the device to see very small dents, however I can see myself doing the same thing with the surface, as I am a full time student always on the go. I would and do recommend getting this device if you are in school or business setting.
R6756589HUI->Item is a great works fine no battery issues. Love the price
R878YHIHIU->I was very excited about this tablet because I'd be using it for school and all but I was extremely disappointed as soon as I opened the box. Inside the box was nothing but the charger and tablet itself. No manual nothing else just that. The packaging was ok just some bubble wrap. The tablet itself was some what dirty. The WORST part is that as soon as I took the charger out of the box I noticed it was broken. At first I thought maybe it broke on the way here but it has crazy glue on it. The owner actually crazy glued the broken charger back together which OBVIOUSLY doesn't work. I tried to turn on the tablet and it did not turn on. I thought maybe the genius who glued the charger did a good job so i plugged the charger and it wasn't surprising that the charger obviously didn't work. I page about 200$ for this piece of crap that won't even turn on. I'm obviously returning and will most likely buy a new one.
R878HUHO0->I was so excited to get this tablet to help with school. Within 2 months the tablet started to act funny. Within the next 3 months it got worst. Went and had it looked at and they said it was not refurbished correctly. Had to get a new one to continue with school. Buyer beware
R7868YIGBUI->I received 3 tables for my classroom through the donorschoose.org site. I am more than happy to report that everything is in excellent condition! This is truly a first rate tablet and a great tool in my classroom!
R87HIUH09->Save up money for something else. Surface tablet apps are crap. They don't even have an authentic YouTube app. You have to get a youtube player app from a third party. Half my kindle books aren't compatible with their Kindle app. I alway have to restart when playing video files, battery drains rather quickly when not in use. It's just not a good product. Maybe the full Microsoft computer version of the Surface is better, but the RT is garbage.
R78687HIHO->Typing on it right now! It's very convenient to use! The battery life is extremely long and there are NO scratches on this product! Not even a little speck of wear and tear, if you want to save 100 bucks, GO FOR A USED ONE! I've never been more pleased with a product.
R878BVHGOPI->I got the surface and when I turned it on, about an inch of the left side screen just stayed black. I am returning the product now and paying the extra $30 for a new one. This one was a terrible experience.
R7867Y89YH->Nice deal, new item working great for me
R878YHIU90->Love the tablet! No problems as of yet. This was a good option for my budget. Now I have a reliable table for school.
RYIUYUYBJ->WOW!!!! The BEST purchase we have purchased in a while! Buying a refurbished product always worried my daughter, but this proved her wrong as soon as she opened the box. She has NOT stopped playing with her Surface since she purchased in a little while ago. Thank You
R987798798->big problem: Windows RT and the poor Microsoft store because this product is no longer supported by Microsoft the repairs would have been more than replacing Don't waste your money. it is not a bargain!
R76YUGSA98->Great product
R87HJHDUHI->Mine did come with a low charge and had to be plugged in right away. But it came described exactly how it was under the description, absolutely no wear and tear, as if I had bought it brand new. I plugged it in and right away it booted up into set up mode. If you're considering buying this but are unsure because it is refurbished, hopefully this review helps. Great for online classes and Netflix, so fat that's all I've gotten a chance to use it for.
R8788YHDS->loving this product have been using for 1 year now and works awesome for NETFLIX ;)
R87S8YC8C7->Really nice machine, clean, well built, feels like quality. But buyers should be aware, you cannot upgrade to windows 10 or run Microsoft office. it only runs RT, which in my opinion makes it next to worthless. I'm returning it.
RUYWDUYD0->Refurbisher guarantees at least 15 minutes of battery life (you learn via package slip when your box arrives), but device came with a completely dead and useless battery. Kindle app on the RT OS won't display any of the electronic textbooks I own or rent, defeating the very reason I bought it in the first place. Couldn't be much worse.
RKJNSVJK0->I love this. Even though it is used it works like it is brand new. Came to me before expected, with box and charger.
R98SHJ9VS->Nah it was short of my expectations since it was my first time to shop with Amazon and the computer is not charging.Felt so bad about that
RJHDSBJ078->For the price I guess it was alright, it had a few minor problems that really annoyed me such as freezing but the issue got better over time. It's pretty good for a refurbished product but I slightly regret not buying it brand new. I gave 4 stars because it's been working alright for me in my first weeks. Remember, you get what you pay for.
RHDHIU8909->I bought a 64GB one but the touch screen doesn't work at all so I return it.
R989UV98U->Have had one for all most two years with out a problem.
R90803R8I0->for price is a excellent device, the big problem: Windows RT and the poor Microsoft store
R98R98UFRF->Very happy with my Surface.
R9U98FJUIV->Bought two tablets. Neither of them will charge. The icon that normally tells you have much battery is left and if it is charging, says that there is no battery detected. Called Microsoft and was on the phone for an hour and no resolution. Will be returning product again if no one can help solve the problem.
R7389HUDH3->I purchased the Factory Refurbished Surface 2 32gb back in November 2014. I spent the first day with it loading all of the updates. In July 2015 the system had a boot error and because this product is no longer supported by Microsoft the repairs would have been more than replacing. Caveat Emptor!
R87399823->Great tablet
R928028093->It stopped working after about six months and the warranty only lasts three. Don't waste your money.
RJDSKKJDS90->This got me through one semester and then it started acting up- freezing, an invisible finger seems to swipe repeatedly at a particular area and if it goes over an area with an app icon, or icons, it'll open them all and repeatedly click on things in that area. I have to restart it in that case. Also there's a 5 second delay when I type something, occasionally. It doesn't stop doing that until I restart also. But for the price, I got good use out of it I guess.
R983020D9E->This is an awesome tablet.
R93289JEDCJ->This product is a bit temperamental. The touchscreen is too touchy. Can't argue about the price, but I would not buy another one. And of course, regardless of the good price, if it does not perform well, it is not a bargain!
R9830290232->great service great item
R093029043->Quite a bit less expensive than Surface Pro 3, bigger screen, has MS Office, Windows 8.1 does not let anything run in the background on this machine and it cannot run older software. Price was right on a used refurbished tablet.
R2908R30920->The surface is supposed to replace a laptop by no way does it do that I have 99 dollars tablet that does much more all it wants is you to spend money for apps that don't work and does not allow you to load free software that does if it is not Microsoft it is not allowed it changes the date internally so you can't even load approved software the prop bent the first day
R938028340->I love that this surface came with a one year warranty because after I began to play with my surface for a few hours, the screen began to freeze and became pixilated. When I asked the employee at Microsoft what was wrong, they couldn't give me an answer, just that it was refurbished. However, they honored my one year warranty and gave me a brand new Surface 2 which works perfectly and I love it! It will be very covenant for school purposes instead of lugging around my MacBook.
R09843029DE->After completing the required updates battery charged fine and has long life.
R9832498928->This is not worth it! Like so many of the other reviewers, my Surface never recognized the battery. It kept reading "battery not detected". I tried the 4 or 5 solutions Microsoft has listed on its FAQ's site, but none worked (and in the process I lost a good 5 to 6 hours of my life, which I'll never get back). I tried the Live Chat feature of Microsoft, but they said that I was outside of my tech support warranty, so they couldn't help me. For me, the extra you save is not worth the headache, my time, and possible a "portable" tablet that you can't take more than 3 feet away from an electrical outlet.