R19YUETDPPUA5T->Bought one in the same family.Piece of garbage. Hard drive died after 6 months. Toshiba gives you an option to send it back under warranty but you pay for expensive shipping and they refuse to return your hard drive so you can do data recovery. Instead they throw it out. Everyone except one individual in tech support and customer service was downright uneducated and unfriendly. Never buy!!!! Bad product which does not compare to how poor the customer service is.
R21F48HJ0H0FDY->Love the 2 in 1.  Hate windows 8
RFRO860HA2G1K->Excelente!!
RLHRY2YRDP69U->No problems. so far
R1B1H5WVLVAN41->Fantastic product. Performs well and does an excellent job.
R3U5O9RVW0IJY5->Small & convenient.  Keyboard is a little awkward, but works well enough. Gets about 4-5 hours on a battery charge.
R2BJ99UZABQFVO->I ordered this 2:1 because my work has me traveling to individual homes, requiring me to work out of a bag.  This computer fits nicely into an over-the-shoulder satchel and has the benefit as working as a tablet and laptop.  It is a little slow transferring from laptop to tablet mode and when the tablet is used in a vertical position the image does not adjust properly to fully fit the screen.  I specifically chose this 2:1 because it had a lot of the features of a laptop and I was not disappointed. I especially like that it has an HDMI 2USB and a memory card slot. I almost primarily use it as a laptop because it seems to function the best in this mode.  In addition, there are limited apps available for this device so using it as a tablet has not been overly beneficial (however I still like the option).  It works pretty fast, has great storage and the compatibility make it a great choice!
R1EMZ4C3Y9FR1N->Works as expected
R3J58U4UR8HUWP->Great Value price. Had to format it cause it comes with a ton of useless apps. After that is really nice
R1ZT6OQA81UMOP->Love it...have told a lot of friends and customer about this and have sent them the link
RH6L7G8YMMI7A->Good laptop overall. Met all my expectations.
R3UCUAUI7BLX8K->i love it
R2J4EUJIAR432Z->This computer had so many problems. I could not do a thing on it.
R1GP9YIXY0D3JR->This is a terrible excuse for a laptop. Almost immediately after initial setup, it started freezing up and went into a mode that I didn't even recognize.
R2IM2KES1WM1IE->good
RWLW3BXY7T889->I got this laptop because I needed something portable to bring to school and something I can use to watch YouTube and Netflix. I was at first very happy with this laptop. It did exactly what I needed it to do. However, after 6 months the power button completely broke, where internally, it was not connected to the rest of the computer (like the motherboard), and it couldn't be fixed. I didn't even have it for a year and it already broke even though I babied the thing. I couldn't even get it replaced, because Toshiba only gives you a one month warranty which is really ridiculous since it was their faulty build of the device. Never buy this computer! Save your money!
R2YU227M9ZUMXO->I ordered this laptop a week ago and I love it. The sleek design and the tablet mode are the best thing from this laptop.
RZSOL1VJV3VC2->My son loved it.....just as u described
R35YG1NPR72NWK->By the time I got this package from my sister I was one day past the return date sadly. It's a 11 inch laptop not 11.6. That matters because the screen is much smaller. Just super disappointed I wasted money on this. 11.6 is as small as I'm willing to go but this is not even a true fit to that size.This computer just sits on a shelf now I don't even like using it. Might as well just look at my phone screen
R1B44YERZCALIS->I wish it would perform as expected. Not satisfied with the purchase.
R2EEWOKH7JORLE->I love it. Although it is a bit slow and gets really hot when in use. Despite this it fits my needs well.
R19UPHVVGFZIHF->I'm happy with this product, it's small and reliable
ROMLTRXQ0Q8XX->This came to me in a very reasonable time frame but when we opened it and turned it on the keyboard wouldn't work. We tried everything we could think of to get to work. It is now sitting at a computer repair shop waiting to be diagnosed
R2XZSHQXBE10WA->Worst computer on the planet.  I turned it on for the first time and was forced to allow it update I had no choice it just did it.  After waiting THREE hours to update I finally got to see the home screen.  I found this computer was pre loaded with HUNDREDS of apps all trying to update and send my personal information back to the third parties who created them.  After having it just three days I turned it on this morning to start some work and got a message stating &#34;we couldn't complete updates to your computer we are undoing changes made to your computer do not turn off&#34;  Took and 1:40 min to finish and be usable.  Worst computer experience ever! Update just 36 hours after writing my first review I am stuck waiting again for some update.  It forces you into updates when you try to shut down your only options are &#34;update before going to sleep&#34; or &#34;update before shutting down&#34;  Worthless crap! Dear Toshiba: I have been a long time customer and have had several Toshiba laptops over the years.  I once loved my Toshiba's and now find myself disillusioned  This experience has made me rethink everything.  Perhaps its time to follow my friends and colleagues into the realm of a Mac.
RYESTWX1O2EN0->I like that it is small and light, though I probably won't use the tablet or presentaton mode. It is moderately fast,, and easily carried. At first the touchpad interfered with my typing,,as I  was unable to keep my thumb from brushing against it.and causing the courser to move. But I was able to uninstall the touchpad.. I use a mouse anyway, and now it reaads that the touchpad is inactive because it has detected another device,,,my mouse. I would recommend it..
R27TC6683AGA75->This is another winner from Toshiba! This is also a 2 in 1 that really works seamlessly. It works right out of the box. Do not underestimate this because of the low price tag and small size. This is a real workhorse PC. When I boot up in the morning, this little Toshiba plugs thru the day. Moving seamlessly thru apps, websites, a good amount of memory for downloading, and compact and lightweight, so you just take it from one place in the day to another. The small size is a surprise plus, you can take this around all day long and the 15 inch is heavy, bulky, and really works best sitting in one place. This really does it all for me.
R2I1LXCAJJ1EGU->Great quality for the price
R3IAGLR69QC5U8->Description The Toshiba Satellite Radius is a small, lightweight laptop. It is equipped with an 11.6 inch touchscreen, which rotates around the keyboard to create a tablet like feel, 4GB of memory, a 500 GB hard drive, USB ports, Bluetooth, and a webcam. Purpose I purchased this laptop as a portable computer for college, with a decent budget in mind. I purchased it for writing, and studying. I needed something small, easy to use, and durable, with enough power and memory to store all my files. I wanted to be able to have all my important files with me. So, I could study and write on campus.  Lastly, I wanted to be able to occasionally watch videos, and stream music. Performance Pros: • Easy to use and maintain.  Especially, for someone with limited technical experience.• Equipped with Microsoft Office to write and edit assignments • Equipped with 4GB of memory, which enables me to save all my files. • It is small and lightweight. I can carry it all over campus, and have all my files with me. • It is durable. I have dropped it a few times and had no issues. • Good battery life for a small computer. The battery last a few hours of studying and music streaming.• Good processor that boots ups fast and operates all necessary programs. • I am able to watch Netflix and stream music. Cons: • The video, and music occasionally lag. • Every once in a while the mouse stops working.  However, if you give the machine a minute or two to reset it will reappear. • It can get a little hot, but this only occurs under extreme use. Overall Overall, this laptop is a good option for someone who needs a small machine, good for travel, and the basic necessities of reading, studying, and writing, at a decent price. This laptop has exceeded my expectations for a small computer. It is able to perform all the tasks I require, and I am happy with my purchase. 
R25C5SENKCUEI2->The screen, weight, and feel are all great with the lap top, but the actual things that matter are horrible.  Tons of bloatware pre installed on the computer, and even after you delete all of the garbage they have on it the computer still runs at the slowest speed imagineable.  Will be returning. I do not recommend.
RM2TIO448H882->After using an application to get rid of the bloatware toshiba provided, this laptop is up and running perfectly. I suggest using pcdecrapifier and adwcleaner to get rid of everything you dont need. Plays video games pretty well on lowest settings (league of legends for comparison runs at max fps on lowest settings). It does everything i need to do, and it does it well.
R2EKCJW6W9DRRK->I had a Chromebook for a couple of years and loved it.  My main computer though was a Toshiba laptop I'd had for years.  When I decided to update my main laptop I wanted something similar to the Chromebook but with a good operating system and some memory.  It's very difficult to find a laptop with any kind of hard drive like this.  This one has one and it's awesome.  It's small, fast and has a touch screen!  Love it!
RIZCLVH9E2K9U->These have very very fragile hinges. I am a laptop repair shop.
R3EP5AQB86PBOR->Excellent equipment!!
R30A7J5KC47SLP->Excellent Product!!
R2PMWFSF1EIWQN->Great!!
R2GNFS7IWRNO8M->6 month in, barely used,turned of yesterday,opened it today with this crap.
R3KD1LVA6C3U16->Exactly what my senior needed is big enough and fouch screen. . So many ways to use it. Great battery life. Perfect
R1F60LFCDBW54P->I like it.it's great
RPD2BI4RH909P->Was delivered ahead of time.  Sharp image and very fast. Could not ask for better and the price was just right.
R3MEKQQT7ZW6X4->Perfect.
R2DQPUR6M7Z2YG->Great purchase for its price!
RZKXFU3532DEM->Pretty solid little computer and for a great price. I'd definitely buy this again.
R1IFXP88RH2Q1D->The product was on time, intact and beautiful. However it was more silvery than gold but neat. the only problem I face is his little annoying dot in my screen and it has no plans of moving.
R3Q3UMX40DR9EE->Kept freezing and crashing while online within the first few weeks. Past 30 day return policy Toshiba Support was no help. Spent 2 hours on the phone with them. They told me it must have a virus or malware. Final resolution was &#34; Simple fix for $252 by Toshiba &#34; That is a direct quote from the guy I spoke to at Toshiba.
RFRRISINKUL78->I  can see why the head of Toshiba  stepped down the way this company is run is  horrible i wish a read reviews of this before i bought this our family has 4 Toshiba lap tops and there will not be a 5th. after buying this unit for my mother she had a terrible time using the touch screen and shorty after the 30 day return policy the hinges broke i can't believe how many people have complained about the hinges breaking on these units and Toshiba  refuses to do any thing about it Toshiba would not except a return they said basically  you can stick the price of 335.00 where the sun don't shine we did however get most of our money not all no thanks to Toshiba  but we were charged a 67.00 restocking fee? for the unit even though it was defective so i can't complain to much about Amazon /Amazng deals with out them we'd be out the full 335.00 so we did get 268.00 but i won't buy  again with restocking fee of 20% and for sure not a Toshiba
R7XZ6UQ2DJLK8->Already had one from a board that I am on. Works great for the price so I bought one for my wife and daughter
R214T5P582E9IX->Terrible customer support, will never buy Toshiba again,
R11QJFL3WC378X->Very comfortable to work with.
ROUTRFC6OGJXW->Nice laptop, it's completely like I expected it's gonna be.
R3RDABZL47X7BY->I use this to project directly to my smart tv and to my older tv with a PTV2000.  The only problem I have encountered is with some sites there is a vibration on the speakers.  When I contacted Toshiba and played a song that would normally cause this problem it was fine.  For the price it is great.  I just love the collapsible keyboard and how light it is.  I also run many programs with it.  Only problem is that sometimes I get a high cpu usage when using a browser and doesn't make a difference which one it is because it is adobe or Silverlight that  bogs it down.  I make sure I close all my other programs and it still does it, but I love it just the same since it really doesn't stop the videos it just gives me warnings.....  great buy for a student for sure. It's true brite screen is fantastic that is why I always buy toshiba for their crisp colors and great displays..
RX7P36M4LO6WE->Perfect for my daughter!  She used it for school work.
R2SKBI4XFX13T8->So far, we're very happy with this computer!
R3Q8DHDKRHMR0I->Love it just the right size for me.
R3H0RSJ9DBRF66->Saw a few negative comments,  but I have had no issue with speed or touchscreen. Slightly heavier than anticipated, but overall perfect and keyboard is decent.
R3IXBJXEKD2BF9->Bought this laptop like a month ago....and today my brother called me telling me that the laptop won't power on anymore.... the power battery LED is blinking.... I had a similar issue with an HP and they resolved it using his chat.... but I see not chat option in toshiba website ---------- update I sent the laptop back to toshiba repair show...cool laptop now powers on but guest what the battery won't charge, OMG they fix but they not care if the laptop is completely fine after repairing it so bad laptop bad service 
R2GMKV0CYTE7VL->A great portable laptop. The only downside I have towards this machine is that the display could be a little brighter.
R343359WDA7R4M->This is a great little laptop/flip tablet that will satisfy most any basic needs for a laptop while remaining portable. I bought this specifically to take onto campus to work on school work or to download things since I can't lug my desktop around, and it works great for that purpose. Do not buy this if you want to do CAD or gaming. Buying this for the purpose of gaming and then giving it a crap review is like buying a Prius and complaining that you can't run a 10 second quarter mile. Your rationale is bad and you should feel bad. I use this for: Word/PowerPoint Online HW like MyLabsPlus etc. Downloading large files on campus and transferring them to my home desktop since my home Wifi sucks (Google Fiber Halp me) and this has a pretty fast USB 3.0 port for transfers. Browsing the internet. (Battery isn't the longest lasting although) 2 cons I have but a recommendation to follow;  the 5400 RPM Hard drive on this thing is atrocious. Remedy? Buy a 250GB Samsung Evo SSD and install it. This thing is awesomely fast now and doesn't stutter a bit. You can use the 500GB HDD as a..... idk.... paper weight? Weapon? Computer component carcass so everyone knows you don't mess around with slow crap and ain't afraid to tear a computer apart? Also, it comes pre-installed with a butt-load of crap-ware. If you go the SSD route then you'll have to re-install the operating system which means you'll have to get a new OS key because this one &#34;isn't a retail copy&#34; or some crap, you know, if you happen to find out your current windows key. Students, you should be able to get windows OS cheaply from your school so definitely do this and it will save you a bunch of head aches. Non-students.... well.... see if you can get a discount for a new OS. In summary, I love it. With a new SSD this thing is awesome, efficient, effective, portable and S'cute since it's tiny (It's like the puppy of laptops)!! Buy this if you need it for basic school work and nothing excessively CPU intensive or graphically intensive. Leave that to a dedicated desktop or gaming Laptop. R23X616XA4ZJNJ->Its a beautiful computer and I loved for the first few weeks. But I realized it gets slower with time even after my bf cleans out the viruses regularly. And I keep having this problem were my mouse pad doesn't work at all and keeps selecting random items. I really wish I would have bought something else. This was a waste of 350 dollars. 
RSVJN7NYSIMYB->love it
R1O1RJX5LPDGH9->Works amazingly! Little computer with a lot of features! I can't complain much, only one small issue was the speakers sounded staticky at first. Currently using it for school and home use.
R1PFMY7BKMB7JZ->Excelent product
R1HCQ7LWK4ZXDQ->Toshiba has horrible customer service and I would not recommend that ANYONE buy a product made by them, ever!  I purchased this laptop on Cyber Monday (November 2014) and four months after purchase the left hinge failed when opened for normal use.  I have been battling for two months now with customer service to have this faulty product fixed or replaced, to no avail. After the first three phone calls where I had to argue that I did NOT drop or abuse my laptop,  I was instructed to take pictures to prove that I did not abuse or damage the product myself and then pay $30.00 to &#34;safely&#34; ship my laptop to their service department for repair.  Today I received a phone call from Helen McIntosh with Pegatron in Jeffersonville, Indiana stating that my lap top would not be covered under the standard warranty due to customer damage.  I was furious and demanded to know HOW I damaged it and informed her that I have five pictures to prove that there are no scratches, dents or cracks on it anywhere.  After I pressed her for more explanation, Ms. McIntosh informed me that I am not the first customer with this hinge problem and that the company instructs them to list the item as customer damaged so that it does not fall under the warranty.  I argued that it was ridiculous and that it needs to be made right.  She stated that she was sorry, there was nothing more she could do unless I wanted to pay over $500.00 for the repair to a $300.00 laptop and then instructed me to call Toshiba back directly with my new information.  I made THREE phone calls today,(because I was disconnected twice) and was passed off to countless &#34;specialists&#34; who all spoke broken English and insisted that my laptop's broken hinge will not be covered under the warranty because it was &#34;cosmetic damage&#34;.  I demanded to be shown in the warranty (which I had in front of me) where my faulty hinge was disallowed.  Each time I was shown the section that states cosmetic damage, abuse, power surges or acts of God etc. were all not covered under said warranty.  When I restate that a faulty hinge  that will not allow the laptop to work at all is NOT something that was customer abuse, I was repeatedly told that there was nothing that they could do, and my only option was to pay for the repair.  Each time I asked to speak with a supervisor, each time I was rerouted to someone who repeated the same &#34;it's your fault, you have to pay&#34; result.  I demanded to speak with someone in America and was only given a mailing address and told to write a letter!  I looked the number up using the address and was instructed to leave a message and that someone would get back to me within 48 hours.  By far the WORST customer service I've ever experienced!  I was sold a defective product and Toshiba could care less! Do NOT buy Toshiba ANYTHING!
R14E0WV1HB8159->I love this model, and found it is good and can function up to the moment. Lucky I bought from Amazon.com it is very good.
R1K5ZRAY2KK3FE->Great laptop and user friendly. Everything is perfect but it could be better if the battery were not inbuilt. The It also has enough hard drive capacity for all your documents, movies,etc. I love the anti-scratch exterior as well.
R1U0Q2TEGY42U7->Daughter loves this one
R1M5AAWM1YZ5ZY->Been inpressed! bought it as a gift, was not my first choice. Had listed about15 on my wish list, ones that met my specs. then let my daughter select what she wanted. Was not the one I had in mind, was the one she wanted. Inspite of that I've been inpressed and well satisfied, would recommend it without hesatiation.
R1FA31DS6GLN9D->I did not purchase from Amazon. I bought it from a NEX, Navy Exchange for the USN. At first it was a great little device, however a certain windows 8.1 update causes an issues preventing any usb 3.0 devices from working. THIS INCLUDES THE USB 3.0 CONNECTED TOUCH SCREEN. That's right, the touchscreen is USB 3.0 along with the right USB port. only the left port is USB 2.0, This will prevent the right USB port from working and the touch screen from working with the windows 8.1 update. And reverting the system to factory does not fix the problem. The only solution is to install windows 8.0 after completely wiping the hard drive. Just a warning for anyone looking into the device. 
R1R07X84BK2FZV->This computer turned out to be a lot better than I expected. I wanted an inexpensive very portable computer to carry along in my brief case while I'm with clients and this unit is it. It's very light and compact but has the storage capacity and speed of bigger computers more than double the cost. It also has Toshiba quality at an affordable price.
R17NPKAWL2S5LE->I am getting used to it and it seems to be a little better than my 15.1 Tru screen satellite toshiba laptop.
RK4MTPLJ0QVSL->this thing is awesome for a small laptop.
R2LRSBD7N9QVPS->This computer took awhile took to get used too. When I first turned it on I freaked out because it looked like an apple system. Once you get used to it it's like driving a car,
R26NCGA5KOVOKF->Not sure if some of the more negative reviewers received faulty units or not but I have not experienced any of the mentioned problems. 1) in tablet mode the keyboard is disabled so the keys cant be pressed accidentally 2) Connects to wifi fine, everytime. 3) no problems loading apps, multiple windows, etc, runs fine. My only gripe with this laptop is that it is kind of hard to open. There is no good way to get a grip besides slipping a finger nail in and prying it open. Also, the feedback and feel of the keyboard isn't great. You just don't get a solid depression or click. I'm sure I will get used to it, I used my previous Toshiba for 7 years so I expect a bit of adjustment time. All in all, this laptop is great. Its the same size as a college ruled spiral notebook, the tablet mode is awesome for casual browsing, and its incredibly lightweight and portable. Oh yea and its only $350!!!! If you are looking for something that is affordable and portable but not a piece of junk then buy this. If you are in need of a gaming machine or desktop like workhorse you should obviously look elsewhere. 
R3IG0JNFAX9CNX->Would not recommend.
R44AL8QU2U44X->Awesome computer. Works great for browsing the internet, doing work on for online classes, watching videos, playing games,and everything else.  I love how it can be  laptop, tablet, or sits great for watching Netflix hullu or sling on. Great picture and light weight. My only complaint would be the volume on it when watching shows. Its not very loud. But I would definitely recommended this laptop for the everyday computer user.
RJRQ3UD1B6O6J->This is a piece of junk.  Terrible computer.  Very slow, touch screen doesn't work half the time.  I haven't used PC's in a long while (been on Mac since 2014).  I didn't realize how horrible Windows 8.1 is...that plus the terrible software has me packing this overpriced paperweight up and sending it back for a refund.
R21TU3CGU3UT51->Exactly as expected, in size and capacity but touchpad becomes unresponsive at times, especially when switching from tablet to laptop mode or using Microsoft Word.
R31PMBVKYO4GR8->excellent
R1TZO3V3QZLQEH->Exelence
R2A59JXFC3353H->Great for adults and kids.
R2ULQS734KUY7P->Better with a SSD and clean install of Windows 8.1!!! PROS:- Price- HDMI output- Convertible- 4GB RAM vs the 2GB on other version CONS:- Bloatware!- Much better after SSD install - Battery life...maybe two hours SSD Install:- I went on Crucial.com and matched up the computer to an applicable SSD. I chose a MX100 (128GB). I also ordered a SATA to USB 3.0 cable and ended up having to go an get a external DVD/CD-ROM USB drive.- I used the SSD's recommended cloning software (Acronis True Image). The cloning process went horribly. It is important to format your SSD to GPT (not MBR) and I ran into conflicts. The cloning software is a &#34;30-day trial version&#34;...but reputable. After several attempts, I could not clone the HDD onto the new SSD at all.- Ended up pulling out HDD and installing the SSD. I had to get a external CD drive and installed Windows 8.1 cleanly. That took less than an hour!- All the bloatware and Toshiba crap is gone...and this little machine cranks now! BOTTOM LINE:- Solid little machine now...everything works. I did lose Office 365 after the clean install of Windows. Oh well.- Had to reload all the drivers from Toshiba's website...took 3 hours...but, went flawlessly- Start up takes 5 seconds and the  SSD install did help...granted, so-so processor and video graphics card - I used a very inexpensive SSD (Crucial 128GB) kinda wished I did a Samsung Evo 256GB and paid the extra $20. Seems like any 2.5&#34; SSD will work in this machine. Lots of little screws to lose when you take off the bottom cover to access the computer's guts.- Neat little 2-in-1 with real PC operating system and features, but still a $299 mini laptop.- Passmark Benchmark 8.0 test results: 720 (low score mostly due to video graphics and processor)
RFCGXI5SI975O->Amazing laptop, very convenient for doing school work.
R2WBDU2RS1NT3I->I bought this knowing that the HD would slow it down, but also bought a SSD HD to replace the platter drive. This is what happened: I bought a Crucial MX100 500GB to upgrade the unit. It almost worked. When it did work, it was lightning fast! However, it was unstable. I changed the drivers to AHCI, as directed, but they also wanted me to change the BIOS to AHCI. The BIOS does not offer that option. This new Intel BIOS is supposed to recognize AHCI enabled drives and switch automatically. It didn't! Toshiba advertises this as user upgradeable (HD and battery). However, when you call them for some assistance for a BIOS that doesn't recognise a disk like it is supposed to, they will tell you: &#34;Sorry. You have to go to an approved service centre to have that work done.&#34; For me that represents a 2-hour drive! So, user upgradeable only if you are a Toshiba-approved tech. I had to switch the original disk back in. The Crucial is now a USB drive. Pros: solid machine. Cons: keyboard is hard to use for older people. We need a longer travel to the keys. Not compatible with SSD HD* (see update below). 2015-3-9 update (that's 9th of March, for you Americans who write their dates backwards =D) I bought a Samsung 850 EVO-Series MZ-75E500B/AM 500GB. The Toshiba didn't recognize the disk as a Samsung SSD when on the USB bus, but when inserted in the main drive space it recognized it fine. I used Samsung Magician to tweak the variables for better, more reliable performance. So far it has been working great! So, if you want a machine as fast as a Samsung tablet, you will need to spend another $250 on top of what you paid for the Toshiba in order to install a SSD drive. Then I would say that you have a solid machine worth buying - except for the keyboard. ;-) 
R384KZ0EGKZHJ9->I love it it's easy to use
R3AF5TFGJLSUHN->I bought this computer after looking for a 2 in 1 convertible for several weeks. I was originally going to buy the ASUS flip 14&#34; which was on sale at Best Buy but missed the sale and then went and found this one for sale. At first I thought, wow, this is small! My old computer was also a Toshiba but it was a 15.6&#34; and as a teacher, I use the number pad often so I didn't think I could adjust to the smaller screen. Well, I adjusted pretty quickly. It's pretty light and compact enough to carry around and great to use in tablet mode. I wish it fir a little more flush with the bottom though, but its still pretty thin. It's just so much lighter than my old computer so those who have a tablet may find it heavier but for me it's super light. The keypad took a little getting used to because the keyboard is smaller, but the keys are so responsive. I have a Windows phone and thought I wouldn't mind the Windows 8.1 but I was wrong!! I really don't like the non start button and it's preloaded with so much stuff. I've had the computer two weeks and I'm still finding things to delete. Because my previous computer was already 6 years old with Windows Vista, this computer is like a whole new world. I didn't really think I would love it so much. At first I thought I wouldn't use more than the tablet and laptop mode but I have use it in &#34;presentation&#34; mode and &#34;tent&#34; mode and found that I can never go back to a conventional laptop. I love this computer so much, I got my brother to by one just a few days ago. He loves it too. If you are not a gamer, and are not using it for heavy programming, this little computer id great! As a teacher who needs a computer at work, at home, and during continuing education classes, this is a great computer to tote around wherever you go, and the versatility is fantastic! You just can't beat the price for everything you get with this little gem. It's plastic on the outside but has an aluminum keyboard in a gold color that makes it look beautiful. The plastic on the outside does not make it look cheap. The finish makes it look more expensive than it is. I can't say enough....I love this computer!
R3HVU8L6T9966X->Thanks absolutely love it and was like it had never bee used! Thank you so much!
R25SR84E3F2H5C->Very pleased with this laptop, I needed it just for school and work.  I choose this laptop for the following reasons: Happy with prior Toshiba products 4gb of ram 64bit full version of window more laptop than tablet, but you can fold into a laptop. What I didn't like: lots of bloatware I had to install a SSD myself and it was not easy, installed a fresh copy of windows to get rid of the bloatware and had to reinstall a lot of drivers. The outcome was worth it, runs so much quicker, boot time is less than 5 seconds and apps open up almost instantly.  So buy this model, grab a 128 gb SSD and you have a great, light all in one.
R7BGXJH7EW9YP->I have had 6 different Toshiba.. brand loyal you would say. the last two satellite's I have possessed have destroyed the brand irrecoverably for me.From poor hard drive function after 6 months. To poorly managed adware into the operating system to the sin of &#34;not allowing your user to customize how the touchpad works-- incase they don't like the BS of &#34;inverted scroll&#34;I purchased this unit (not from Amazon-- they would have let me return it-- INVEST IN THE PRIME ACCOUNT!) due to having about 5 similar Toshiba chargers so I could keep one at my office, one in my car, and one in a bag for travel. This, again, was a mistake and one I will regret after my last &#34;ultrabook&#34; purchase. Windows 8 does not make this any easier to deal within. Save your cash, get a Chromebook, as this unit is slower, more problematic, and takes longer to boot and will cost you more in the long run. I am praying my update to either windows 10 will redeem the OS, or my swap to Ubuntu Linux will cause less long term problems.
RZI54L7OUNS3E->Runs much better once you uninstall about a hundred preinstalled apps.  God I hate windows 8 I bought this comp to use for light gaming on the go, so I basically just wiped the whole thing clean right when I got it, downloaded steam, then made my back up discs. Touch screen is generally very responsive, windows 8 would be a nightmare with out a touchscreen.  Battery is weak when compared to an iPad or other full-mobile devices but still better then most PC laptops I've had. Now, I have the 4gb ram version and it runs just about as slow as I can stand.  So I would NOT recommend this 2gb version. I also got my laptop (the 4gb version) on sale at bestbuy for $299, so this ad is not a great deal. I've run skyrim and farcry 3 (on low graphics quality) with little to no lag. The screen is a little small for a long game sesh, but it makes up for that in mobility.  Besides, it has an hdmi out if you want more screen in your face. The two in one feature is very functional.  The hinged feels strong and overall the build feels fairly solid. (for a PC) Bluetooth is also a big plus for this little guy. It's very lightweight and sleek, but can get pretty darn warm with a good load on it.  I would trade half the sleek of this machine for a few more cooling vents.  But then again it hasn't really been a problem... Yet. (Will update if that changes) 
R2UCL7OSLI4U0O->First one received DOA with a battery that would not charge.  The replacement works fine.  Size and flexibility are great.
R2IV8VDDNGF1UW->This Toshiba does exactly what I need it to do.  I am not playing games, etc on it so it works for me.  I do have a few issues with it, though.  The keyboard isn't covered when you convert it to a tablet, leaving the keys open to being pushed on and stuff.  I have tried to find some sort of workaround, like a case or something, but haven't found anything yet.  The screen is bright and nice LED.  Touch is responsive, mouse works just fine for a small laptop.
RW7JQHWZP4MRF->The processor is fast, the screen is beautiful and very responsive in &#34;tablet&#34; mode. The new Windows OS is good once you get used to it. It is very light and is great for a take everywhere computer. I love Toshiba, especially the Satellite models. If you want Ipad/Macbook and expect that type of product, then this is not for you - buy an Apple. If you want a great computer/tablet convertible that is light, fast, and works great for all your school and work needs, this is it. If you are looking at this, you should buy it!
R35H9KQHTZMTV0->Not very fast, almost as if something was lost in translation between laptop touchscreen and tablet.  Would recommend iPad or Surface instead.
RNELYN186CSZX->I really like my new laptop...the touch screen is great and the ability to make things larger for viewing ease is awesome.  The rotating screen, allowing it to work like a tablet makes it easy for different applications  The fast processor allows me to move quickly through different windows, making my work easier. This is my 3rd Toshiba laptop and I like them for their dependability.  This one is the best for me so far.