R1EB2FTDR268DU->I admire the creators of Dell laptop, because they make durable and quality laptops with great graphics including this item. I've been using this laptop for a year now and I never experience any problem on it. It makes a good company in doing my office works, watching my favorites, and creating digital artworks.
R2FYFFBRXQEOP4->TouchPad is terrible. I have searched every possible solution and tried to talk to Dell - but no fixes are working. I have changed my settings as suggested - still not fixed. I strongly urge you to re-consider buying this machine! Most issues are intermittent, which makes it more irritating. For example trying to right (or left) click does not work, pointer moves, unable to R click and copy, trying to highlight a word is not accurate, the list goes on and on. I have owned Dell computers in the past - but this problem is awful!!
RSRA8WBQZZYXP->When looking for a new laptop, I wanted to go light weight and yet keep it powerful enough to not lag down when working with multiple chrome tabs. This unit is a touch small but the light weight and compact build outweighs that small &#34;con&#34; if you will. The i5 is plenty fast enough for even video editing at 1080p due to it's solid state storage media. One thing I'd suggest going for is spending a bit more and getting 8GB ram rather than 4GB to future proof as you can not add more after purchase being it's soldered into the motherboard. The screen I got was non-touch and has a matte finish which fights glare. The colors are accurate and overall bright. The keyboard backlight is also very bright and works well. Now, onto the only con I've really not been able to fix and that is my WiFi connection. At times, I'll see it drop off the internet (both 2.4GHz and 5.8) and the only way to get it back online is to reboot. I've updated drivers for the motherboard and WiFi chipset without fix.
R1YKPY5DGT4W6I->The large clickpad-style touchpad is similar to what we've seen on recent high-end Dell systems. It works fine for basic navigating and tapping or clicking, but I also find the all-important two-finger scroll to be not as smooth as I'd like (or as smooth as one would expect from a MacBook). It felt notably smoother using Microsoft's IE11 Web browser than in Google's Chrome. Navigating up and down long Web pages often sent me to the touchscreen on the first, higher-end XPS 13 we reviewed, but in this less expensive, non-touch configuration, you're out of luck. The 13.3-inch display has a nearly borderless edge-to-edge design, available in two versions, a 3,200x1,800-pixel touch panel and a 1,920x1,080-pixel non-touch version. We've now had a chance to test and use both versions, and which one you choose makes a fairly significant difference to the overall experience.
R23NPC1EPSGVXL->Just had it for a week and it's a very nice laptop. The only reason I don't 5 star it is the fan...seriously, what is this noise!!??
RF9CX3R4ZW9Q0->Internet connectivity issue
R3EY29Y2S1FQQS->Very good
R3K5R08Y5SXG1D->I really recommend it. It is amazing. Very light and easy to carry around. The battery stays for very looong! I am in love!
R1ONRORQWY6S0S->Please read the dialog on this cmputer before spending $1500. I loved the computer when I bought for all the reasons stated-I got the i7 with 256 capacity- size, screen, style, weight, capability...but after installing security and basic software and using only abut five times the wireless/internet cards stopped working and the display started blacking out....something is really wrong with this computer. The Dell support was not helpful and after an hour (starting with having me try and test online when I had no internet access????) he said I needed to carve out 8hrs to schedule Dell support to come to my house and replace the hardware. No thanks... so disappointed.. I thought I had found my perfect computer...
R3GZ1O1VBWBVHX->Excellent product!. Great investment.
R3A74ALBDRWE4->As of 10/12/15 this now NO LONGER THE NEWEST XPS model. The newest model includes 6th generation Intel Skylake processors and can be ordered through Dell.com.
R1X2RHHA8Y6RT7->After 7 months the machine display a &#34;will not charge message&#34; and I bought another charger; did not fix problem. Now I have a &#34;no boot device found' and it will not load beyond this.
R1W782V2VBA7CR->It's what I expected to be. I also installed Ubuntu 14.04 in parallel with Windows 8.1 very easily and then I also upgraded to Windows 10.
R2DUQAKKH9OGPZ->there are some problems with the wifi, all the time
R1T3FIUJT3LE9E->I did a LOT of research before buying this, and was convinced I was going to love it. And I kind of did, for a while. But - in case you haven't heard - this laptop has the most INFURIATING touchpad you will ever use. It is VERY difficult to control the location of the cursor. You notice this particularly when you have carefully highlighted some text (for example), and you lift your finger off only to find that doing so has caused an entirely different block of text to become highlighted instead. The &#34;button&#34; area of the touchpad is so sensitive that the merest roll of your fingertip as you lift it off will a make mess of what you're trying to do. I'm constantly deleting text I didn't mean to. There are similar problems working in Photoshop. People have been calling for Dell to release a software update that offer a correction for this (perhaps the ability to designate the lower portion of the touchpad as &#34;button only&#34;?) but so far there's nothing, and there's no aftermarket software solution either. Seriously - This SHOULD be a great laptop, but if you can't use it without tearing your hair out, you'll just end up having to buy a lot of wigs.
R13KA6XGCYE6UE->It is undoubtedly a capable, small machine, which everybody have found out but that said there are some defects, some pretty serious. I have 1920 * 1080 no gloss, no touch screen, which is pretty good but still it is small. Thus, I prefer to use an external monitor at home or as quite a few hotels now have full HD, on the hotel television. 1. My home screen is a 4K, 40 &#34; Samsung television. The display is excellent with the XPS 13. Now.  It took quite some efforts and costs to get there. I also bought the so called docking station, more about later. Only the Display Port outputs 4K, thus I bought and an adapter, DP to HDMI. Wrong, the Dell and the adapter don't seem to speak to each other. It took some efforts to get contact with a capable engineer, but finally I succeeded. 2. An active adapter is necessary, thus I bought one, an active, 4K DP to HDMI.  Successful, excellent picture, but why doesn't Dell informs that before the purchase or at least together with the unit? Note, an active adapter is quite more expensive than a passive. 3. I also bought a passive adapter Mini DP (the output on the computer) to DP. My idea was to use it via the previous active DP to HDMI adapter to the television. Successful and not only that, I could remove the active adapter and only use the passive mini DP to DP  adapter and a DP to HDMI cable. I'm not quite sure what happened but I think the active adapter was necessary to change some driver. But still, better support from Dell would be appreciated. 4. I also bought a mini DP to VGA adapter, mainly for use on hotel televisions. This only gives Full HD, not 4K but that is sufficient. It works. 5. The docking station is in my view a disaster. The USP ports on a laptop, especially where there are only two, get quite a lot of wear and tear, from uses on the lap, in airplanes, in a hurry in terminal ans so on. At home you have the docking station. If this is a real docking station it has some sort of fixture into which the laptop snaps precisely, little wear and and tear. And to this DS everything is connected, nothing needs to be connected to the computer. 6. Not so the Dell Docking Station. It connects to one of the scarce USB ports, the  laptop still needs to be connected to a current outlet as needs the DS, thus two current adapters, quite a lot of hassle and wear and tear on the poor USB ports.  But there are more ports, USB, HDMI, DP & Ethernet. Unfortunately the HDMI doesn't give 4K, curious as I have not yet seen a television set with DP. A dedicated monitor yes but price wise a large television beats a monitor. And in my experience a 32&#34; screen is the smallest one you should use for 4K. 7. There are a lot of USB ports and in a DS there should be no space problems, nice as many USB items take more than their allotted space. Not so in the Dell DS, the three USB 3 in the front a are crammed together, probably to give space to the DisplayLink sticker. 8. The Dell DS is advertised as compatible with any Computer with a USB port. A quick try with my Desktop wasn't successful with 4K. Full HD, well talk about see paint drying.  But I was in no mood to experiment with various settings. 9. Taken into consideration the few USB ports, it is curious that Dell doesn't deliver a Bluetooth keyboard/mouse combo. As I have had some bad experience with such combos, it would be nice to have a  Bluetooth combo delivered or at least tested and certified by Dell. 10. The XPS now has an SD port. But the SD card doesn't enter entirely into the port, about a centimeter protrudes. If you forget it could easily be damage during travelling. 11. The XPS 13 is delivered in an absolutely excellent case. If weight but not space is your primary concern then use it while travelling, it gives the laptop a good protection.  But you have to remove the SD card and the keyboard/mouse receiver, they can however be placed below the laptop in the case. 12. The verdict. If a small, lightweight laptop is all you need, then XPS 13 is a gem. But if you want to connect it to other items, the question is if not a better equipped laptop beats XPS 13 with  additional items (DS, adapters, mouse, keyboard, cables etc.).
RTBC8QWUMSSL3->Solid build nice and compact. Great unit.
R1JW5EAWWC84QV->Love it so far, although space key feel very different from the rest; super fast, and make me look smarter than I actually am :)
R2A2TMLDGM9S2C->I would recommend the newer product
R2V0DUEFT4CJF0->Amazing. I wound up adding the Samsung EVO 850 500GB M.2 SATA hard drive (which fit perfectly) and it's the nicest computer I've ever owned. Works great with Windows or Linux (I'm using Xubuntu 15.10 RC2). On Linux I set the DPI to 136, which makes most apps legible. On Windows 10 it decided to scale to 150%, which is a bit large but works.
R196EUJ7034LMQ->Great machine for the money. Light and fast!
R3KTPZWKFW5XKS->Very good laptop! Only a few minor issues, like the LED light at the charger stays always on, even if its not plugged on. And the trackpad is not as good as a macbook.
RZ1651HPROZ7F->excellent
R1B9HOIGQUFRJK->Works amazing, fell in love instantly
R3M5T10XAIP8X->Once you update everything to the new drivers, the touchpad works a lot better. Overall experience has been excellent and this laptop is highly recommended. Battery life is superb as well.
RZMXT0ICY7XV8->I bought this from Dell.com. It is Day 1. I have initiated a return. I plan on waiting it out. In October Dell is releasing the next generation of XPS 13 and XPS 15 - with the new Intel Skylake processors. Hopefully by then they will have figured this out. Everyone already knows how gorgeous this machine looks. The screen is the best I've ever used. The form factor is amazing. However, the cons make this thing completely unusable. See below - I just submitted the below as an RMA to Dell. I plan on checking out the LG Gram (the colors are awful, Gold and White - seriously? What about BLACK?) Got this machine today. It's beautiful. However, several problems. After researching I KNOW I'm not the only one. 1. Trackpad is awful. It is giving off false positives. While I'm typing, it will randomly click another field or out of the field I'm typing. (Wide spread problem, all over the internet) 2. Two finger Scrolling. I adjusted the settings in Windows 10. Still, the scrolling is horrific. Two finger scrolling is completely inaccurate and experiences deadzones. Sometimes it will move 2 lines, others 20, others 0. (Wide spread problem, all over the internet) 3. Keyboard is not registering full typing or will sometimes double type. (Wide spread problem, all over the internet) 4. Enter key is &#34;stuck&#34;. When you get the machine back, you can verify. This is not a wide spread problem, but obviously the manufacturing on this machine has experienced some loss of quality prior to shipment. 5. The wifi chip is rediculously bad. I have a brand new AC3200 Router, with 5 wifi extenders throughout my 4200sq foot house. All the electronics is my bedroom get 5 bars. This thing only gets 0-1 bar on 5ghz spectrum, while it gets at best 2 bars on a 2.4ghz spectrum. (Wide spread problem, all over the internet) 6. Battery life is not as advertised. I'm averaging 5-6 hours in word documents with 50% screen. (Wide spread problem, all over the internet) When I return this, I would like a refund on my credit card in full. I dont expect to be charged a restocking fee, as the product did not exceed my expectations, and the product is not as advertised (battery life), partially defective (trackpad/keyboard/wifi). The trackpad was advertised as Precision. I cannot even work within Adobe Photoshop on this. The trackpad on my $299 Chromebook is better =(
R3GCDWTVXFIWX1->Stopped working on second use. Got a black screen of death.
R2R4PCSIUL2C5Z->I was very happy to get this laptop for what I see to be a fair price, if not a good deal. Other than a pretty consistent occurrence of issues in connecting Bluetooth headphones (which has lately mostly just been annoying me by crashing Netflix if I turn the headset off in the middle of watching), I haven't had problems with it. I've had it for a bit over a month and it feels just as fast as the day it arrives. Hope it keeps up the smooth performance over the months! Overall, very satisfied with this purchase.
R1E73C3X1LCQ5E->Received today and when i opened the laptop the track pad was loose it actually rattled. It's going right back and Amazon has already processed a replacement. Amazon - great purchasing experience. Dell - very poor quality control.
R36DRXI8TM9U90->Love my little laptop.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the mouse is very sensitive and hard to get used to
R1UTXBWOPQ30S->Currently it is really goood!~ but sometimes the fan is too noisey,.
R2KJDDOFKAYDTO->I love this computer!! Im a college student and so far it's been great for school work, just watching YouTube videos and going on Facebook. I am really happy with this laptop. It has exceeded my expectations.
RL6IWEAG1I178->competes with other heavyweights when it comes to internal design AND graphics. It has a nice display and a way better cooling system than other mid-ranged laptop computers.
R3JDT2RSIZBCK->I have never thought I could fall in love with a laptop. Dell XPS 13 is so beautiful, handy enough to travel with, great battery life which is great for work done on the run
RM9K8QL55CVC1->I've been on a quest in the past couple of weeks to find the ultimate Ultrabook. The MacBook Air ultimately didn't work because I'm mostly a PC user  and the functionality was a bit pricey for what it offered. I tried an Asus ZenBook but discovered there were heating issues that ultimately rendered it unusable. Thankfully I think I've finally found a computer the meets all of my needs in the XPS 13 and so I figured I'd write out some of my thoughts. The Good: -This thing is compact. It's amazing how they've managed to fit such a nice computer in such a small package. Sure it costs a little more, but it's well worth it if you're looking for portability. -The backlit keyboard is also great. That was one of the annoyances with the ZenBook and I didn't realize how much I missed that backlight until I didn't have it. -With an SSD the thing is sufficiently fast to run everything I need. I mostly use it for word processing but I've also used Photoshop and it's been just fine. The i5 definitely gives it some extra kick over other comparable ultrabooks. -The battery life. You might not get 15 hours, but it's definitely sipping at the battery. I opted for the 1080p version in the interest of power conservation and because I don't need a touch screen anyways. The Bad: -Edit: Using a Mini Displayport to Displayport adapter did the trick and I can run in 1440p with no issue. I'm not sure why the Mini Displayport to HDMI was having an issue, but looking around online it seems that other people have had the same issue. Either way the problem was easily fixed by buying a different cable. So far the only issue I've run into is that it won't run a 1440p monitor in native resolution. It won't go higher than 1080p using the mini display port connection. I've ordered a 4k ready cable, though, as that is one solution offered and will update as I work through the issue and determine whether or not it really is a problem. I do a lot of research on laptops before buying and that includes looking at the negative reviews to see what I'm getting into. I figured I'd address some of the more common complaints here as most of the negative reviews seem to come from the beginning of 2015 when this launched and I'm using a machine purchased later in the year.Addressing other reviews: -I haven't had any issues with the trackpad so far. I usually use an external mouse anyways, but the trackpad doesn't pick up my palm when I'm typing and it's perfectly accurate when I do use it with none of the issues people referred to in their reviews. -Some people have complained about the keyboard size and how it feels. That hasn't been an issue for me. The keys have some give to them, though not as much as the ZenBook. They're definitely a far cry from the plastic bricks on the MacBook Air that have no give at all. I'm a fast typist and I did a couple of typing tests to see how the keyboard held up. It was perfectly fine and accurate even when I was cruising along at 130WPM. -Some people have complained about a double key tap issue. I haven't seen any evidence of that so far. Not sure if that was a specific hardware issue or if it was a software problem that's since been fixed, but I don't see it on my machine so far. -The fan. People have complained about the fan noise, but I haven't even had the fan spool up other than when I first turned the computer on. Besides, I welcome the fan. One of the reasons I moved to this model was because it had active cooling. Passive cooling on an ultrabook seems to work by distributing heat throughout the laptop chassis so that it feels like the fires of hell are pressing against your lap when you use it. Not so with this beauty. No overheating at all compared to the ZenBook, and I'm comforted knowing there's a fan to blow out the hot air if it does become a problem. So this model is a bit more pricey than other models out there, but after trying the other two current contenders for &#34;top ultrabook&#34; in 2015 I have to say that by far the best experience I've had is with the XPS. If you're in the market for an ultrabook and demand perfection then this is the one to buy even if it is a little more pricey. You get what you pay for.
R121PXCG9YVGW2->Good!
R3272XA6WA8SNU->I don't hate this machine at all so why the 1*? Because I do think that when you spend close to 1K for a piece of equipment it should work. They've had enough time to fix the kinks. The wifi card in mine is obviously useless.This is an issue discussed widely on the net in the early part of this year but not lately so I can only assume these are older machines being sold by this seller. It's one think if you're sitting in the US waiting for a tech but if you're on the road with no wifi - what then? The keyboard is also terrible - double strikes constantly EDITED - Amazon immediately offered a return slip but as I am not in the US now this was an almost impossible solution. I searched the net for a long time and uncovered the problem finally. If Wifi is not connecting it's because of the Windows 10 upgrade - an easy adjustment fixed it. This seller has the best options in that the bloatware is removed as is vile McAfee - you get a clean machine. And Amazon's shipping is a thousand times better than Dell who weren't able to tell me when I might receive a machine
R13VIA9S7J92E3->Awesome compmuter for the price. I'm really glad I bought it
R1LRV7L7KCA8T6->Awesome! Love it :D
RKPOXOLJBA2SL->this is a great laptop but there is rattle sound I get from the mouse pad. Each time I torch the mouse pad, I get this annoying  rattle sound .Returning it for a refund
R1ZTLKH3XMODD8->Great computer. Fast, sleek, and powerful. Buy it now!
R1B7BLZRS87D7T->No issues
R37KQ0XX3D14NP->Just got it today and I have to say this is the best laptop I've ever worked on so far. It is the perfect size and with the ssd and i5 processor it is plenty snappy enough to get through almost any task you need it to do. I'm an accounting student and I don't foresee this computer having any trouble doing what I need it to do. Would give 6 stars if I could.
R32GPFAOTD7XVJ->This laptop is amazingit's no more words to describe my happiness
R3CK9R5O0XBDRI->I bought this from the Dell website. I was never a fan of apple/macs and wanted to stick to my old favorite brands but that may have to change. Here's why: Cons: Weak wifi chip. (understandable due to size of laptop) Went into boot loop on me twice already. I had to use the built in reformatting to use my laptop again. (I bought this laptop in the beginning of Summer. It's only been 3-4 months. NEVER has a laptop of any other brand done this to me, especially when I'm not even using it heavily due to its small HD space.) HIGH PITCHED BUZZING/PROCESSING SOUNDS COMING FROM COMPUTER. It can get VERY ANNOYING. Oh, and bloatware. Survey will pop up on the bottom right asking you if you'd recommend a Dell. Guess what I had to say. Pros: Good travel size. Aesthetically pleasing.
R3NVPYEGH2WKCK->This laptop is great; the build quality is excellent and definitely a lot better than I was expecting from Dell. The &#34;infinity&#34; display looks fantastic, has great colors and viewing angles, and the 1080p resolution is great for the size (you don't have to mess with scaling). The keyboard feels great, the backlighting for it is a nice touch, and the touchpad isn't bad at all, it has a great feel and the built in clicking buttons are pretty nice. The battery usually lasts me a full day of normal web browsing and using Office software for school work, along with some video playback. The size and weight make it really easy to carry around in my backpack, and the power adapter is very portable and comes with a wall adapter in which case you can ditch one of the cables for it. My only complaint would be the low amount of RAM; 4GB is generally fine, and I don't really use this laptop for any intensive tasks but it would still have been nice to at least have the option to increase that amount in the future, but that's not possible - what it comes with it what you're stuck with. Would definitely have liked more customization ability in terms of which processor/RAM/SSD size combination one would like. Overall, it's a great laptop; the build quality is great, it's speedy, and the display alone makes up for any of the minor issues it may have.
R39ZPEZO9XJ20U->As a foreigner most of the time I just imitate what English speakers say without a deep understanding of how they actually feel emotionally. But thanks to the experience with St. Louis Galleria Microsoft Sore store, I actually feel the phrase &#34;It sucks&#34;. I bought a Surface Pro 3 with them last year and went back for a Dell XPS 13 i7 version. However when I came home and unboxed, I found the plastic packaging had obviously been opened. I went back for a brand new one, and I was told the one I bought was a brand new one, at least 4 people there told me it's the &#34;signature edition&#34; and all the &#34;signature edition&#34; laptops are opened by &#34;technicians&#34; to remove bloatware. People here even left notes when they scratched my car, so I believed them but returned it because it's unimaginable for me that 4 people would lie to me. But today I suddenly realized there is another chance for me to feel English. If they were telling me the truth, then I will feel &#34;Sorry, how stupid I am&#34;; if they were lying just to sell me the used one, then I will feel &#34;Yeah I was ****ed&#34;. Anyway it's a terrible experience
R23WJS8ZLTEIX0->The most amazing ultrabook you'll ever spend on. When I receive the package, the box was nice and tidy. Everything looks professional as if I was buying an Apple production... made from DELL! the wire and the charger is very slim and bevel. Great design and I like it a lot. The first impression was that this is such a sturdy laptop. Aluminum cover plate and round corner edge makes it slick and professional. Upon opening. I was surprised about the keyboard and the trackpad. The computer had some charge in it so that I didn't have to use the power until hours later. The built in camera is actually at the bottom left corner on the monitor (Which makes it some noticeable concern since your hand will most likely block the camera view, unless you hide your hand ) There is no Ethernet ports, but there are a power plug, Mini Display port, USB port ( I think it's 3.0, it's colored black ), a audio jack, and a nice battery indicator button to show how much power you have left in the system without having to launch the computer on the left side. On the right side of the computer, there's a lock port I believe? another USB, and a SD card. This computer even have a Bluetooth built in. I don't know when or how I'll utilize such Bluetooth technology, but it might be handy some day. On the bottom of the ultrabook is a nice nameplate, Which can be flipped over to see the computer's PN and SN. This makes it look professional on either side of the notebook without having to show the labels. The fan aren't too loud or complicated, but some noticeable heat will arise when using the ultrabook full loaded. What really blew me away was the quality of this monitor and it's a touch screen combo. 3200x1800 resolution (Although windows 10 upscale everything so that you can see it &#34;Normally&#34;, while it makes remote desktop procedure insanely difficult to see what you're doing ) on a 13.3 laptop is beyond any normal laptop. As for the specs itself, from what I was told, only the hard drive can be swapped out, but not Memory sticks. Well, intel core i5 5600u and 8 GB of rams should be able to handle most of the applications I've run on a daily basis. You just blew away my old Toshiba Portege's Z835 ultrabook to a whole new generation of ultrabook. Be warn, this computer is not Windows 10 Pro. It's currently a home edition! Short version: If you carry this for mobility and presentation without the need of Ethernet port (And lots of cash $$$) go for it!
R1K7M1LBEZMG83->I received the new XPS exactly 3 days ago.  After setting up Windows 8.1, I was really liking the small, lightweight form factor it had.  The touchpad was right on, the backlit keyboard felt good.  The second day I installed a few basic applications, Spotify, Steam, and Skype, and while browsing the web I had my first BSOD (Blue Screen of Death).  I thought it was weird so after it restarted I got online to start researching what was happening when the 2nd one hit, then the 3rd one.  Then I went to Dell's Support website and downloaded their hardware checking software.  Lo and behold while it was running its check the 4th BSOD hit! You would think that it's software would be compatible with the above programs, seeing how popular they are, but I completely refreshed the XPS to go at it again anyway.  After configuring Windows 8.1 again, I was just watching a Youtube video when the 5th BSOD happened.  I had enough so I decided to call Dell's technical support just to find it was about as worthless as my laptop was.  I was transferred 3 different times because apparently XPS has its own &#34;special technicians&#34;. They determined it a software issue instead of hardware and instead of telling me anything helpful went off on the extra charges I would have to pay to get software support. They could barely speak English, and weren't very &#34;special&#34; at all.  I am currently studying IT and work tech support so I know it sucks, but they really could do better. 0/5 stars for Dell's Tech Support 1/5 stars for my XPS (Although I'm sure mine was just a dud so 4/5 if it manages to work, just hope you never have to deal with Dell's Tech Support) 5/5 stars for Amazon and their money back and free returns, at least we can rely on somebody!
REX89AWR7J3OZ->That odd camera position, Jesus Christ! If I were not aware of that I would be really pissed off to get this. The HD size is really small, I think it would be wiser to invest in a 256gb at least. Other than that, it's really lightweight and small. Exactly what I needed for college.
R3B0WV9383AYD6->Pretty good laptop overall. I've had it for about 3 weeks and no problems at all. I don't know why people complain about the trackpad on this, it's really not bad at all. I've had no problems with it, scrolling is fine and no lag at all. I really recommend this laptop!
RHVTU4IMQSTEW->Very disappointed. The WiFi card had issues. The signal was so weak I had to stand next to the router to use it and even then I barely have one bar. I called dell support and have been on the phone for over an hour. The technical support agents tried updating drivers and the bios but no help. I am extremely disappointed in this product and do not recommend it. Others seems to have no problems so maybe it is hit or miss, but when you miss it is terrible and not worth the risk.
R2OJFF9NCVRGT5->I love it.
R3R2D90WXBHX8T->The 8 and 9 keys on the keyboard of this product don't work. Brand new and out the box and the number keys don't work! Annoying as I bought this FOR AN ACCOUNTING CLASS. Thanks for nothing.
R1BFICQJBLW7AS->Love it. Best laptop I've ever had.
R21WRS8VMB0JB3->Nice machine, excellent price on a refurbished machine that has no indication that it wasn't new.  Excellent screen (not touch) and nice use of space to get 13.3 in about 11, battery life is wonderful, and very lightweight. -- However, need external optical drive and memory to boost (very fast) 128G solid state drive (but this known in advance).  The glide pad mouse click proved too sensitive.  Hard to not accidentally click under normal travel pressure leading to errors--from minor annoyance to much worse.  This could prove hazardous if trying to close a dangerous email and instead hitting a virus link, etc.  Do not travel over anything that you do no wish to risk activating!  This is also upsetting as my daughter, for whom I bought this, must use it for exams where the wrong radio button answer can easily be set unwittingly. She may be forced to drag along a very inconvenient external mouse for her protection.  [Space is cramped on the school desk, which is why she needed the small footprint computer despite the difficulty working with a small screen.
R3TBUS1O8WEUIL->After reading many reviews, I purchased this computer for graduate school. Put simply, it's excellent and at at this price point an incredible buy. If you're looking for a small laptop with a dynamite screen and surprisingly nice keyboard, this is it.
R1JS3WTXJPLR24->The more I have it, the more I love this laptop.  Incredibly light, yet sturdy and the &#34;Infinity&#34; screen looks great!
R1GJSVU96FYZ4E->DO NOT BUY DELL PRODUCTS.  Do not buy this laptop.  The keyboard came broken (apparently common problem - repeated letters), rendering the laptop largely useless.  They sent me a broken laptop, and will only replace it with a USED laptop. I spent nearly 20 hours (yes, 20, over the course of 30 days) trying to resolve the problem with Dell tech support. First, through 3 different calls they updated the software drivers. That didn't work. Then, they removed Windows and reinstalled (rendering all the setup work I had done completely useless, and adding a few new problems).  That took 5 hours on the phone with them. That still didn't work, so they sent a technician to replace the keyboard.  That also did not work.  Now they are only offering me a refurbished machine, because I have had the computer for more than 30 days.  (I have only had it more than 30 days because they wasted my time trying to fix it over the phone!) After another 1.5 hours on the phone with tech support, customer service, and the refunds department, they say there is nothing they can do. This has been a horrible and time consuming experience.  After wasting so much time over the past month, saying that the problem is that I've had it more than 30 days adds insult to injury.
RX9I98GY0R5V0->Terrible laptop. It is the worst I have ever purchased. I'm writing this review from my trusty 3.5 year old Samsung Series 9 because the Dell XPS 13 is currently rebooting from its second crash in a twelve hour period. The XPS 13 is a gorgeous machine that I owned for about ten days. During that time it froze once or twice daily, and I would have to hold the power key until shutdown was forced in order to restart the computer. i must say it always did a good job of recovering my data. The battery life, after charging all night and reaching 100%, would only last for 4-5 hours. That's nowhere close to the fifteen hours advertised. Right out of box, there were 107 important updates pending that repeatedly failed to install over the course of the the 10 day period. There was also an optional Windows 10 update that also failed to install at least four times. I've already initiated the return process and will be shipping the Dell XPS 13 back pronto. I'm still on the hunt to purchase another Ultrabook, but it will not be a Dell.
R3NXXT0KP6AJS9->I have had this computer for about 2 months after my old Dell XPS Studio 17 overheated. This is touchless with Windows 8.1, an i5 processor, and 4 GB of RAM. Pros: -Excellent battery life. I usually run it on powersaver for a solid 7 to 10 hours of use at a time. -Great resolution. Videos and graphics in general look crisp. -Portability - lightweight, small, and thin. Easy to carry one-handed. Comfortable on lap. -Heat - excellent heat distribution. Rarely gets excessively hot and when it does its fans are quiet and unobtrusive. -Keyboard - good feel and spacing despite small and shallow buttons. Easy to clean. Backlight is very useful. -Sound - have had no problems listening to and editing music. After a small moment of the sound source stopping, a distinct sound of the sound driver can be heard but you can get used to it. Cons -Poor trackpad. Lacks real buttons, hard to do the Windows mouse movement shortcuts, and commands for simple right clicks are finicky, let alone scrolling. After moderate use the trackpad will glitch out as though it is on permanent hold down, which cannot be fixed without a restart. Simply cursor movement is fine but that's it. Highly recommend getting a mouse. -The graphics card driver can freeze during moderate level video usage such as internet streams or extended movies and may require refreshing. Though it recovers quickly, some graphic glitches remain when having multiple windows open. Due to recent change from flash to html on sites like YouTube, this may no longer be true however. -Lowish processing power - can't really handle high end processing (stress tested with research programs MATLAB and CASINO), slows down with Google Drive. Handles Microsoft Office programs with no issue. Haven't had time to check with Dell for possible tech support, but heard their customer service there wasn't very good. This ultrabook is great as a personal computer for casual use and business, but in retrospect I may have wanted higher specs across the board with the processor, RAM, and memory to assist at some of the higher tech jobs I wish to do.
R1CGI35C4B1XD6->I bought this from Dell. I would highly recommend buying this directly from the company because of the warranty and technical support and best of all, they gave me a coupon for $100 off which brought the price down to $799.  The wifi kept dropping when I first received it so I chatted with tech support about it and they walked me through adding drivers and BIOS.  After that I haven't had an issue with it.  Fast light computer with a beautiful display.  I bought the matte 1080p and wow! The resolution is spectacular.  I decided not to get the touch screen because of the glare and smudges I had to deal with with my last laptop. Windows 8 was easily upgradable to 10 so was very happy with that.  I would highly recommend this little computer.
R10OMPYTFXV264->The laptop looks nice and it is light. However, the battery life is nowhere near as advertised. Also, it has issues with the touchpad where it randomly becomes unresponsive even if all the updates are installed. In fact, this is what happened just now where it froze and I am unable to right-click on the pad. Honestly, my old Dell - that I bought in 2009 - is/was a lot better quality than this. Last not but not least - I bought it refurbished and somehow it came registered under someone else's name. Dell advised me to contact the seller to change it but they never responded. Without the name change, Dell has refused on ocassions to provide technical support on the touchpad issues, which is very frustrarting. I am returning this after spending nearly 3 months messing around with the touchpad.
R34ACM3UK1E8WY->My XPS13 constantly returns double characters for a single keyboard stroke. It is useless for typing which is why I got a laptop instead of an iPAD. It's probably one of the worst devices I've ever owned. Seriously, look elsewhere if you need a functional keyboard. I'm off to update my BIOS, drives, etc... What a grand adventure. (This is most likely the last Dell I will own.) Update: upgrading to the latest 05 BIOS did not resolve the problem, but it may have helped a bit. Update: OMG this laptop keyboard sucks so bad. Kill me now.
RTI5X8C3JJVBC->This is an awesome laptop. I've had it for maybe 6 months now. The keyboard is comfortable, the screen is nice and matte so it doesn't reflect light. It runs smoothly. I can't think of any cons.
RDVGD5OED1F52->Unsure how to rate this as it stands.  Space bar is defective on delivery.  Unsure how long it's going to take to resolve because Dell Customer Support is only open Monday - Friday.  Very frustrating!
R3PLPRMMJCX0WR->Perfect Macbook-killer!
R2HD2DAQSD9085->Best xps ever
R2AN5X9ML53672->I would say that this laptop is good for what's it worth. However, there is an issue that I came across since the start. The icons are blurred out and the text is so small. Has anyone tried to fix this? I want to know if I had bought the right laptop or I received a defective version. Other than that, I tried to gaming on it (League of Legends) and the performance is playable at 30fps but once it drops to 20fps I just had it with the gaming. I guess the XPS can only be used for school purposes but I want a pleasant experience with it and not be irritated by a minor issue of blurred imaging/icons.
R3PQW7XU0P1NIT->This is a fantastic computer and does everything I need it to do as a college student. I can open 20 tabs and it still works at the pace as if I only had one running. This usually retails for $1000 so paying only $830 for it was another plus. Well worth it especially because I don't think I'll buy another computer for at least 5-6+ years
R1WHVB0D9OE09B->Beautiful machine. Looks and feels like a piece of very high end consumer electronics. Great speed, beautiful monitor. Lots of lovely little touches in the case, design, and even power adapter that make it feel like a luxury item. I use it for extended writing, and it's great for that purpose, with a very nice keyboard. My only quibbles - first, the touchpad sometimes gets under my fingers as I type, as often happens with smaller laptops. It'll just take a few days until you've train yourself to avoid brushing the touchpad as you type. Second, there is no HDMI port - just a mini-DVI. This might require you to buy an adapter, and to bring it with you if you're, e.g., using it to give public powerpoints.
RPRIPSHWJICL6->Not sure why everyone is complaining about the trackpad. I got an XPS 13 from the Microsoft store a few months ago, and the trackpad is fantastic. In fact it is one of the best I have ever used, second to only the MacBook Air (and also feels better than that one). It supports pinch-zoom, 2-finger scroll, and Win10 multi-touch gestures. However, I will say for web browsing, Chrome's scrolling is jittery; but that is not the laptop's fault and IE/Edge scroll fantastically.
R2W9YNP0D3HA4->Excellent!!
R3NODRZVXHDJVL->So glad I went with this one. I can do all my work and home projects on this laptop and its not bulky to carry around. I love it.
R31CUBEEHC4QOO->My laptop is an i7 with a 256GB SSD and 8MB RAM.  I love this machine!  I bought it to replace my Yoga 13 and this machine totally blows the Lenovo out of the water.  The fit/finish is light years ahead of the Lenovo, as is the display.  The Lenovo feels flimsy, and it is.  Plus, the lack of bloatware on the Dell is a huge advantage.  This is a lightweight machine, that packs a lot of punch.  The only drawback that I've seen so far is the lack of an HDMI port, however that's an easy fix with the help of an adapter.  The battery life is very good too.
R1J3C3MTLNZZP4->I've only had it a few days but I am IMPRESSED!  This is what laptops were made to be.  Light, fast, not leaded with &#34;bloat ware&#34;, prompt boot up for almost instant use.  I am very pleased so far.
R3UY28OCOJCKM6->I love this laptop.  I have never written a review on amazon before.  Then again i cant say ive ever been compelled to write a review, that is until i recieved this.  Everything about this screams quality.  The screen is really something to look at.  Along with the near bezeless display and form factor.  I have owned a MBP and it competes if not better.  Fast, Sexy, light, and just all around amazing.  Really looking forward to windows !0.
R1CGR03EKF1RBH->The &#34;infinity display&#34; is very nice and somewhat of a head turner for others. I thought 4GB of ram might be too little but I have had no problems performance wise, even with Chrome. Build quality seems very nice, screen is sturdy and no wobble
R27TRLAYDZYLMN->Not actually 13.3 inches diagonally. Measured to be 12.5. Has a multitude of hardware issues. Dell technical support is absolutely horrible, no one is of help and will waste your time by constantly transferring your call between departments with the explanation of &#34;we don't handle that here&#34;. I hate to say it, but Dell has made me consider converting to Macbook.
R3M8QCSBWFJ3U7->Excellent
R2QN7UHUEJ45GR->I bought this directly from Dell via Paypal. The web site said delivery 2-5 days but it took 19 days to arrive. I loved the machine when it arrived. After 4 hours the SD card reader failed. I tried all the usual stuff to fix it and Dell web diagnostic tools as well. All the tools said it was working OK but it was not working. I noticed many people were having problems with the SD card reader on the internet. Dell only provided the basic reboot and reload drivers type advice. Seems like they did not take it seriously. It took Dell 7 days to answer a request for refund and 30 days to do it. This is the second Dell machine I have had with early failure.
R3JXVPHJMCG6L2->The computer is beautiful. The battery life is great. But I can say that Surfing the web in a Mac is way better. Trackpad needs to gets better. I only have 3 weeks with the Laptop and the Bluetooth and headphone jack just works whenever they feel like it. As far as today, if you want to spent that much for a laptop justto watch movies and not using an external speaker or headphone jack go a head as the display is astonish
RHO94TXORHDTF->Awesome computer. Doesn't come with word installed but worth every penny
R1739U9YHSVZ80->Best laptop on the market; light-weight, outstanding battery life, fast, comfortable, easy to use, etc. The XPS13 is a work-horse and I use it approx. half the day; everyday, without a hitch. It will do everything you need it to do; this laptop is the most recent tech. available; highly-recommended.
R3T9Q0QOZK8E4K->First I want to say that this is a beautiful piece of equipment. It has nice little touches with the carbon fiber around the keyboard and the aluminum cover. It's a well designed laptop that's very light and even though they shrank the size the keys don't feel crammed together. However, the touch pad is terrible, and the keyboard consistently registers multiple touches. I've spent 4 months with Dell's customer service and had two touch pad replacements to no avail. At this point I can't type on it and I can't use the touch pad, so it's basically a pretty doorstop. Dell's customer service just keeps reinstalling drivers and reinstalling the operating system hoping that'll fix the problem but after 4 months and still the same story it's just a faulty device. My last call with customer service the rep told me that the problem was on my end and that I didn't know how to use a touch pad or a keyboard, although the internet is full of people with the same problems. This will be my last Dell purchase in my lifetime.
R1HWVV3R281DCC->The laptop has a very fast and snappy performance. It's display is gorgeous and the overall package is excellent.
RU7RIE9PIXS22->Perfect design, excellent craftsmanship, best laptop I ever had.
RPEBSXVZSEQGA->Exactly what I need as a college student. Although it is lacking an ethernet port, I'm sure I can live without that. Keys on keyboard are not bunched up together and laptop is extremely light. I enjoy taking it everywhere I go. However, I must complain when it comes to the touch pad sensitivity, and the keyboard's surface. The touch pad is not as responsive as i would like but I prefer a wireless mouse anyways and it seems that I am always leaving an oil stain from my frequent use of the space bar. If this could be upgraded to a much more friendly surface, this laptop would be perfect. Battery life is also excellent as I can go almost an entire day without needing to recharge if I don't turn on the keyboard back light. What I like most about the laptop is the screen. Without a doubt, this should be a huge plus from Dell. All in all, one great laptop.
R1U7IW7WKHBZRV->Perfect laptop ever! If you are looking for a 13.3&#34; display in 11&#34; body, for a very perfomance laptop with a very small weight - it's an ideal choice! I've chosen 4GB/128SSD/i5 version with a non-touch display (color and image quality looks better than in touch version). The battery life is equal to 5hours in a very perfomance mode, 8 hours in balanced mode and up to 13 hours in battery saving mode. This is my very first laptop with so good battery. As for the price - in Russia the previous XPS13 model with the same specifications (4gb/128SSD/i5) costs about 90 000 rubles (1600USD). The brand new 2015 XPS13 model costed me 53 000 rubles (950USD) - it's perfect deal for me!
R1R4D8CAUWLISY->Trying to type this is a challenge because the trackpad on my Dell XPS 13 keeps randomly jumping  back and forth in my text everytime I hit the space bar. I've had it a month but still not used to it - really slows me down.  Often whole lines are highlighted and deleted or overtyped. Only solution is to plug in external mouse and keyboard. So frustrating, and to think I nagged our IT department into letting me get this one (we have exclusive dell environment - but usually they supply Lattitudes). Other cons the battery doesn't last as long as my personal asus zenbook (over a year old now), and of course storage memory isn't that much  (especially since exchange server outlook 13 search function sucks - would like to be able to store more of my archives in machine). Then yesterday computer just shut down (still had half battery remaining), losing all unsaved changes to a word document I was working on, as well as a draft email. Yes it is small and light, the screen goes to edge of machine, but if I could return I would.
R4E38WPIKZED8->I just love it!
RIZ68A7UVDLHN->I'm an Apple design fan, but I have to say this machine is fantastic. It's light, fast, and great battery life. And without a lot of the compromises Apple is forcing right now. I review and test probably 5-10 laptop models a month. This is my favorite Windows device.
R14EUKOIX7WAIF->I got the developer version of this with the lower resolution screen with 8 GB ram, 128 GB HD, Ubuntu linux.  I was getting frustrated with Apple so thought, well I use linux all day on the desktop, this laptop has awesome battery life, lets give it a try. The screen is nice.  I'm moving from an old macbook pro so really any thing recent should be so.  Has a nice build to it, feels pretty solid, I like the finish of the palm rest.  Smaller and lighter that what I had so overall is nice. Cons: Battery.  I have gotten at most 9 hours out of the thing with just light document editing, this is almost half of what was advertized and is very disappointing.  I really didn't think I'd get 17 hours, but I did expect to get above 10.  I might install windows to see if there is a difference do to OS.  Just really angry with Dell that they basically lied about the battery life.  This is my first Dell and it has not left a positive impression.  I'd say I'm mad about the misrepresentation of the battery life. I keep hitting the trackpad while typing which moves the cursor to where ever the mouse hovering over.  This is really annoying. It has several times now waken from sleep when the cover is closed.  Twice I had it in the sleeve and it did this, running the battery all the way down and practically melting the poor thing.  Sometimes it doesn't wake from sleep.  Basically avoid using sleep to avoid cooking it in your bag or losing all you work. The Ctrl key really should be where the Fn key is in my opinion. Do not have as much control over the dimming of the screen, auto is always on. Otherwise seems a decent machine.  Having used it now for about a month, I think, at least for a laptop, I would have been happier with a Mac.
R2QY1V21MF0U01->Lighting fast. I love it!
R5E5SUTHU1JDE->The Dell Premium Tech Support is heads and shoulders above the rest.  I have two Dells now, the newest being a laptop and the other an all in one PC.  I could not believe how far tech support has gone for me - even calling me back to see if everything worked out for me.  Now just make sure that you have the full first year Premium Tech Support - I found out that mine came with only 90 days and it took some talking and they agreed to a full year.  Then when I found out how good the tech support was I purchased an additional 3 years.  Now personally I do not care for Windows 8 nor will I have anything to do with McAfee.  My Dell Tech support ran Super Anti Spyware Free edition of course and Hit Man Pro again free version when I was hit hard with viruses or what ever.  Now I run at lease one of these daily and haven't had any problems since.
R895LPZWXEWPR->I like the form factor of this laptop. However, the poor quality of the trackpad and the keyboard make this laptop almost unusable for developers. The battery life is also less than half the advertised time. The problem with the touchpad is that it is very unresponsive and the keyboard registers frequently multiple keystrokes making typing a real pain. After calling Dell's customer support they sent me a replacement laptop, but there was no improvement. Clearly, this is not a laptop for professional use. I am very frustrated with this purchase. I should have bought another Apple laptop instead where I have never experienced quality issues of this kind.
R3G2YOLQWDCQHH->pros abosultely gorgeous display slick design dead quite ever lasting battery life cons awkward camera pretty awful trackpad
R1NGBL9DF0WRRS->I thought I was getting quality when purchasing this. The trackpad is a big problem, it makes the laptop impossible to use and very frustrating. Mine may just be faulty, although I saw other reviews that have my same problem. What kind of laptop doesn't zoom in and out with its trackpad? C'mon Dell, it's 2015. It's terrible.
R2BXESDC12PCCL->I love this device it came just as described the the ad and it's just so light and sleek
R3T8ZO4626XH93->The Dell XPS Laptop is the WORST computer I've ever had. Do not buy it -- it's a waste of money! Less than one year of owning it & it freezes at least 1x/every day. The BSOD of death also shows up. There answer was to send it in to their depost and to replace the hardware and reinstall the operating system. All of my files were lost and I had to purchase programs again. Everything from microsoft office to photoshop. Less than 2 weeks after having the laptop back & reinstalling everything it has started freezing again. Dell says that since they fixed it once they say the case is closed. Worst customer service. I used to be a faithful dell customer but now I'm gone.
