R3NPSR9JO0XHS7->Hard drive failed after having the laptop less than four months.  Current a claim in with ASUS we will see how they respond.  This is a no frills laptop but I expect it to actually last more than 4 months.  We will see how ASUS customer service responds to this, but I am not impressed so far.
R2LLICMELVF72I->laptop sucks ass I hate it don't even waste ya money stupid cheep laptop it's slow af and the Web  cam is s*** everything sucks on here I'm returning it..... -_-
R3AS2OW00WFWT7->It can't get any better with this price. Ended up paying $129 on black friday and i have to say, i doesn't look cheap as you'd expect. Amazing computer!
RYOSKM7D631CY->Impecable, gracias!!!
R3VOOVNIXXP3UM->I would buy a high end ASUS product any day of the week. But, this computer is a joke. The software license, which now pretty much forces you to get a Microsoft account, is a bit much. Then, it would not connect to my wi-fi. I finally got it to agree that every other component on the network was using the same security key, so it should cooperate. When it did connect it told me the connection was limited. When it lifted the limited restriction it finally loaded a page after more than 1 full minute. Then it told me that the page could not be loaded. It's not worth the trouble for me to troubleshoot, try upgraded drivers, etc. It's going back after only 1 day.
REJ5QJQW4E4ZB->Works great for school work so far, ease of use, fast delivery A++++
R1KIUVZGQADWGK->The Asus X551MAis clearly an entry-level or rather a beginner’s laptop that offers minimal specifications on the board. If you’re looking for a laptop for basic home usage, this this might suffice. Do be clear that the machine won’t be able to handle multi-tasking situations.
R3DCMAW6P793GX->Decent enough for everyday home use and can run some basic software development tools etc .But all in all no match for my DELL Latitude E-6510. My wife got this as a gift and it serves her well . Pros : Has VGA  and HDMI  ports for external displays , with Intel integrated graphics. Has an USB 3.0 PORT (1) and USB 2.0 (1), + RJ 45 ethernet port + Onboard Wi-Fi I can enable DLNA to my SAMSUNG smart TV to play media from this laptop over the wireless LAN streaming Has audio jack ( line in line out combo) and SD Card slot ( front left side) and barely visible Webcam Has a DVD+/- RW,CD+/-RW drive Easy to carry around, no overheating, rugged exterior build. Good Hard Drive capacity, the unit i got had a decent 440 GB, enabling me to run a dual boot machine with Windows 8.1 and Ubuntu 14.04 Cons : Difficult on-board 'mouse' buttons and track-pad - slow or unresponsive and not easy to use, have to click at the extreme edges for them to click Low resolution screen(1366x768) for a 15.6&#34; display, even at 8pt Segoe UI light, fonts appear too large, I wish it could have offered full HD option (1920 *1080 or at least 1680*1050) No CAPS LOCK,SCROLL LOCK, NUM LOCK LED indicator lights! This is a BIG Drawback for obvious reasons. No Bluetooth! - again this is 2015, even my geriatric 2004 DELL Latitude D-800 offered onboard bluetooth as an 'option' :( ! No Keyboard LED back-lighting for nocturnal use ( Again, this makes it pretty primitive ) Tiny LED indicators for disk activity and power on front left are barely visible a large laptop this size should offer some more USB Ports, and all USB ports are on the left side, none on the right or rear. The rear side of the laptop could be redesigned to support the display ports and additional USB ports, but the rear display hinge occupies all space Also see slower boot up and internet download time in Windows, but not with Ubuntu , so maybe this is just a Microsoft 'exclusive' :) and not an intrinsic laptop problem. No Docking capability, although an external USB 3.0 dock can be put to use with the single USB 3 port.
R3DHBREKABMQPN->Excellent price-quiality relation. A fast and powerfull laptop for everyday use.
R2M3GBI13W3HC0->I love this laptop. The design is solid.
R1RBJLS8KRV1A4->I like the laptop. I HATE windows 8.1 that it comes with. I liked Windows 7 on my old laptop. Windows 8.1 is too hard to find anything!!
R1G5OYXX6514KG->This in my opinion is a very nice computer. It has all the bang for the buck.
R2WSMOWJ7K1TEW->my laptop has stopped working after one month and 20 days of purchasing it. It seems to be out of the return policy at about 20 days behind. There seems to be nothing i can do to return my product and this to me is unfair. Its hard to pay for a product and you can't seem to get it to work after such a short life span. Anyone has any ideas????
RLW2DOI86EJJH->Nice performance, beauty design and excellent price.
R1JJVTH1Z8SE67->Awesome!
R32EHQ0UQO1ZKM->Junk - Purchased computer.  Stopped working in 3 months.  Could not return.  Stuck with a pile of junk.  Will never buy again.
R36TS7UM3G3WMG->Nice simple computer
R1QR4O3F8L2P9R->This was a starter laptop for my son. My first impression with the device is its astoundingly cheap materials. The plastic is flimsy and I'm assuming easily broken. Other reviews said that this laptop could play a number of games, including WOW and Marvel Heroes, it was unable to play either. Slow loading of most windows in explorer and it struggled through many websites. After having the product for 6 months it has broke. It fails to power on and there is no clear place for battery replacement. The only thing good about this device was its price point.
R2MHQT8IPDWW9R->I've used this laptop for about 3 months. It does most things well. However, it struggles to play HD video on youtube. That's been my biggest issue with it. The videos lag and stutter a lot. The computer can be a little slow at time but it's not much of an issue. Other than that it's a great laptop for most simple uses. It will get the job done for basic internet use.
R3IJXKUHS8YIKR->This is cheap and feels cheap.  The keyboard is choppy and unresponsive, the plastic seems flimsy and the left/right click of the touchpad have no separation so always hitting the right side when I want the left.  I wish I would have returned it, but didn't so will put up with it and hope it becomes more comfortable and serves its purpose for a while.  Should have spent more and gotten the one of the brands I have had previously and been happy with.
R3IJXKUHS8YIKR->This is cheap and feels cheap.  The keyboard is choppy and unresponsive, the plastic seems flimsy and the left/right click of the touchpad have no separation so always hitting the right side when I want the left.  I wish I would have returned it, but didn't so will put up with it and hope it becomes more comfortable and serves its purpose for a while.  Should have spent more and gotten the one of the brands I have had previously and been happy with.
R3211LWMC2MIF1->ok
RYU352OOR9YUI->I purchased this item in August as I had an immediate need for a laptop. I since gave it to my son to use for his schoolwork at home. All seemed fine until one day it just stopped working. It won't power on, nothing. I have tried to figure out how to access ASUS support by going to their website but that seems impossible. I guess I bought a crappy notebook. It was too good to be true but I expected it would last at least a year or two and not just four months. Based on my experience this item is not worth it.
R2952GP9K03R1R->Well, it's certainly a computer and works as such. No real trouble with software or anything, but it's unwieldy. PROS: -It works just fine. -It has everything i expected it to have. -A nice price for the quality of components. CONS: -Its processor is bleh, but anyone with a little insight on computers would know that already. -The touch pad is garbage. The buttons tend to stick regardless of how clean under the touch pad is. -The touch pad has no separate buttons. This means that when you're clicking, there is a good chance that the mouse will move while you're finger is on the mouse button. Mucho no bueno. -Made of really cheap plastic. -You cant easily remove the battery. This is A HUGE PROBLEM. Come on, techies, what are you supposed to do when you get liquids on your device? YOU REMOVE THE BATTERY IMMEDIATELY. With the way this laptop is set up, that's impossible to do before water can do its damage. -[edited in] I forgot to mention that the touch pad sometimes registers the opposite mouse button click. Sometimes I would try and left click an item and the computer would register it as a right click. I've already ruled out the possible driver problem. The problem is in the design of the touch pad. All in all, I would NEVER buy this thing again. If you want a computer and you're hard pressed for money, simply choose a different computer of similar monetary value or save up a little more so you don't waste your money on this crap.
R3TWCCM5F5A30J->Good bang for your buck.
R2U9NZPJLPQCB4->I've been using the product for a long time and it runs great. I run WoW and use it for everyday web browsing. I love this laptop! The speakers are also nice and I love that it has a webcam!
RX1M12RZUTMJ2->Constantly crashes while performing simple tasks ,no cd drive. Good for everyday tasks but if your looking for a laptop for gaming , this is not it. It has trouble running anything , graphics are a huge issue.
R34R2DNYZB2XC0->i bought 2 of them 1 works great no problems but the other one is freezing and keeps saying high cpu usage. these were given as gifts and was just told the one messing up has been doing this since he recieved it. i am not happy that it is not functioning properly
R8XKGYSUBXWNA->I don't know if it's the hardware or the way it's programed. I'm a little spoiled by having Macs for the last 10 years and I've grown accustom to a certain level of performance. I don't recall Microsoft being this counter-intuitive to run or if its the hardware.
RV5IH6AFI1OGM->I went into this knowing that a $200 laptop was not going to be as good as a $600+ laptop, so keep in mind I had no high expectations. This is also my first new laptop since 2011, so you can imagine anything would be an improvement. But honestly I am loving it so far! It runs fast and smooth, and has no issues maintaining strong internet connection. It's incredibly light, and very sturdy. It runs guild wars 2, minecraft, and various steam games like a breeze. I easily get 30+ fps when playing, and that is with skype and a browser open at the same time. Sound quality is decent, about what you expect from a laptop. I thought I would dislike the left and right mouse buttons built into the touchpad but I was used to that within the first five minutes. This is honestly an excellent laptop for the money, take it from a broke twenty something year old. ASUS never fails to be quality. If I run into any issues I will update this review.
R2LXJNE4E90MVU->Love it
R2EFOIVAUVAPRD->Loved the price!  I just needed something basic to connect to my online classes and this suits me fine.  Only drawback is the absence of a cd rom drive, but i can live without it
R2CWLP7SKGVBMR->the laptop itself is alright but its kind of annoying that it doesn't have a disk drive. I bought it based on the size and based on the picture showing what looks to be a disk drive. Overall it's an average computer definitely wouldn't buy it again
R2C18FS1FYQB48->Bought for grandson and he loves it
RF06ZN1AY2MSP->Great
R18NBNVC72Z89O->looks good waiting its arrive.
R28MQNJ0PB6FOO->I only had this  laptop for 3 months and it quit working, I'm very upset!!!
R1WK2GKQBB1AGY->Pros: +Runs a surprising number of games, though it struggles. (Tested with Skyrim, Guild Wars 2, Life is Strange, BioShock Infinite, and Fallout: New Vegas) +Decent screen: 1366*768 +HDMI and 15-pin connectors +Great for dual booting Linux +1 USB 3.0 port Cons: -No discrete graphics card. The integrated GPU is terrible, with no upgradeability -Only 4GB of shared RAM -touchpad is terrible. Buy a USB mouse. -my unit's keyboard is warped. I recommend this computer for school, work, and light gaming.
R1IPUJ0E03T53I->Horrible lump of plastic and really slow, even browsing is a pain. Im amazed they still make computers like this.  I almost threw this in the trash when it arrived. Very plasticy feel. Horrible keyboard.  Browsing stalls even if you are copying a file in the background.  I dont know how this got positive reviews.
R3O3M4SQ2GOAEP->The screen when  black after 4 months...
R3JQ7JNC3ACE71->Im happy with the product but it took them way too long to send my order!
R1HLUFQRS3EX6P->Ummm...I bought this Laptop by going through the specifications and the huge list of people who bought. I got the mixed review and when I checked that my self I was so sorry about the product...With in 2 seconds I was so sure that its of no use and will not keep it with me... Some how still I went ahead and checked the performance of the system but I am sorry this is good for your 5 year old kid to play cartoon movies not for a home usage. If you are good and fine with acheap plastic laptop...please go ahead for it.
R20Y92IH5FGITU->i love my laptop, its beautiful and works great. came in good condition and quickly too.
R3PU4XTS5W7JK6->love it, it's lightweight  and just what i needed for my son
R1USPIH0QSA06J->Its for my 8 year old Granddaughter.
R3NUPVUJF8JP12->I like this PC. A few things I would want better: trackpad doesn't respond well, not enough USB ports to support wireless mouse and extra storage USB + peripherals, slowly boots but not too long.
R39NC81G0ZNM91->Love it. The quality is awesome.
R39HYVTS4ASURQ->I just bought this ASUS X551MA 15.6 Inch Laptop , I  ASUS X551MA 15.6 Inch Laptop (Intel Celeron, 4 GB, 500GB HDD, Black) - Free Upgrade to Windows 10 received on September 2nd , bought the Canopy plan with it , and on November 6th the computer is not turning on. It has completely shut down, only the power light is coming on that the battery is charged, there is no output to the screen. So I tried to return based on this Canopy plan, which I probably misunderstand, and received a note saying the time for return has passed since OCT 2. So my question is? How can this be resolved? I have a computer that is not working and i just spent all this money between the canopy coverage and the cost of the laptop?
R12WJ73BNXCRZF->This computer is so slow. I bought this for my family member after buying an Acer for myself. This is not worth the money at all.
R3E8FGE34GBD6S->Too much bloatware.  Otherwise a great laptop.  I formatted and reinstalled Windows because I couldn't remove all that crap.  It's a great deal for a second PC.
R3E8FGE34GBD6S->Too much bloatware.  Otherwise a great laptop.  I formatted and reinstalled Windows because I couldn't remove all that crap.  It's a great deal for a second PC.
R15LVEIQ3OLEPF->VERY NICE LEARNING ABOUT THE COMPUTER AND ENJOYING THE TIME ON THE LAPTOP
R1B2Z9T0OVYFQ7->Very good
R27NRI73E93BOZ->This is a great little laptop. ASUS has been my favorite brand ever since I got my first one a few years ago.
R1EMGR5P9ZKG0W->worth the price.
R2LY5PMGCV6A3S->Very good for the price. I want to buy another one
R183UCHEO3VW2L->Purchased this laptop for internet and light computer work for the kitchen. I updated the hard drive to a $60 Samsung solid state drive and this unit boots much faster and performance has also increased greatly. The unit does not have a cd/dvd drive. I did not see the need with most files available to download. USB drive is always an option. WiFi is very good and no signal drops. Screen resolution is super for the money. The upgrade to Windows 10 went with no issues. I did not care for the track pad so a wireless Logitech mouse was added. This is now a very good machine. I highly recommend this machine.
R3HP0KX8TQRUGH->good quality product, shipped in a timely manner and packaged well-hubby loves having his own laptop - our 2nd asus so we dont have to share
R3CI245NQKJADK->It showed up and when you move it there are things that shake in it the Wifi goes in and out of it There are just many issues with this computer.
R3MJUIXF6CRGX2->Bought this for my father and he hates it. Says its very slow for a new computer and doesn't have a disc drive! I never would have bought this if I realized there was no damn disc drive. What is the point? Regret this all the way. He says he is going to buy a different computer now.
R2NW23OACACBA0->This computer runs smoothly even on slow WiFi. Its great. I use it for school and home.
RF94MITFVGKFY->I've read a lot of bad reviewed for this laptop specifically. I'm here to prove those reviewes wrong. It's not slow, the resolution is amazing for its screen size, gaming compatability is above what I was expecting, you can run multiple tabs at one time without having technical issues. I give this product 5 stars. I recommend buying this.
R1OCH4ULKSCQPU->Nice laptop for the money
R5BMBLG1BEFD4->In the description it states can read & write cds. This laptop came with no cd drive.
RMXKWFXDE1UWE->basic but gets the job done. webcam sucks. decently fast though. the keys don't have a backlight so in the dark, if you don't know your keyboard it's hard to type.
R1OWTGQJJI9VAA->I bought this laptop for my son who was a freshman in college. He needed a basic computer for online classes. This computer is sufficient and he is very happy with the performance. Good price too...
R3N2C5CBRFATVM->I needed a CPU for VPN purposes, and this is just what I needed for a great price.
R1LHQTMD5LFKP1->None
R1P7I6CCPYIWRB->Its a great starter computer for my 10 year old. He needed for school activities so its perfect to look up stuff for that. The price was perfect for a starter! Gets what he needs done!
R1D780TXJIMOBG->None
