R2MLYJC3X3MFTF->Outstanding tablet, not really a full blown laptop for sure. But excellent for all the light PC things 80% of us do.
R2JU1NVHJ53GS9->From day 1, it freezes all the time. Surfing the internet, it freezes at least once an hour. Reboots very quickly, which is nice, but not what I expected from a new Microsoft product. Less reliable than my years old HP laptop. Definitely would not recommend. Also, I have learned that I prefer Android apps to Microsoft. There are some nice features/qualities, but they're not worth mentioning as the freezing issues trump them.
R1G176B6D6Z0RA->I have the one with the atom x7 z8700 processor, 128 GB ssd, and Windows 10. I opted to skip the docking station and just get a Logitech keyboard with built in touchpad. It is amazing for web-browsing, absolutely fantastic for watching full hd videos, and smooth productivity (Word, PowerPoint, Excel). However, don't let anyone try to tell you this thing can replace a laptop. I have a Samsung Series 3 laptop with an AMD 5750m, and that absolutely trashes the Intel atom processor at gaming, Adobe, CAD, etc. The atom can't run any program that lists clock speed over 1GHz as a requirement.Pros: Full HD screen, long battery life, lightweight, mind-blowing web-browsing Cons: Virtually non-existent 3D graphics processing power, not much of a true Windows experience when it comes to running programs.Also, the audio codec is always breaking down, the codec has to either be disabled, then re-enabled in the device manager, or else the tablet has to be restarted, in order to get it to start working properly again.
R15KNXKW7HH966->Beautiful
R3X5TUIOJPXL->Love it!!!
R1OU9OD23FEXJP->Still shopping, but leaning toward a Surface 3 over the Surface 3 Pro or any Surface 4 variant. This post is for those scanning reviews to make up *your* mind. The only turn off to these sweet devices I discovered is how remarkably non-repairable they are for the do-it-yourselfer. The case is glued together, mitigating not only the chance to upgrade the SSD card (which is socketed if you could only get to it), but battery replacement is problematic (glued in too), as well as expensive (I've seen articles quoting anywhere from $200-$450).So I am viewing the Surface as sort of *disposable*. It will last as long as it lasts (which may well be quite some time past warranty), and when it breaks or the battery dies I will likely just replace it. Therefore the strategy will be to buy CHEAP :&#62;. Not interested in investing over a grand on some variant of the PRO. Rather spend a few hundred, get a great hybrid computing device, and then shed no tears when it dies.I also like that the Surface 3 does not have a fan. Sure, there's a smaller processor, but I am in the Steve Jobs camp that says computers should be seen and not heard (the original MAC was fanless).Cheers EDIT: The day after penning this review I came across an interesting online essay about how manufacture's are designing consumer devices to keep the do-it-yourselfer out. Fun article. Google &#34;vice how to fix everything  The right to open up your stuff is under attack&#34;.
R66529M5Z6I22->Not typically a one star person, but I'm rarely able to use my device as it rarely charges. $500 seems like a lot of money to be stressed out over not being able to use it. Pretty tired of reading 6% battery, plugged in not charging
RPJAP9Y2LU32D->great tablet, very versatile
RP1YY91IBG84D->I bought this as a replacement for my 4th generation iPad, which was running out of space.  I am returning it tomorrow and going back to my iPad.A couple of caveats for this review.  1) I've only had the Surface 3 for two days.  2) My sole purpose for the Surface 3 was for reading and marking up PDF textbooks and lecture powerpoints, then syncing those markups to my Mac.  I didn't try to explore many other features. Pros:+ Pen.  You have to pay $50 extra, but the pen is amazing.  It senses pressure, writes smooth lines just like on paper and have buttons that allow you to quickly erase or cut your notes.  When the pen is engaged, touching the screen does nothing so you can't accidentally leave stray marks over everything.  The pen is the main reason I bought this device; writing with my iPad's fat $10 stylus doesn't even come close.+ Size.  My iPad only has 16 GB of space; this tablet comes with 64 GB, plus room for more.+ Ports.  This thing has a USB port which was awesome and could have been so, so useful.  Unfortunately it refused to read or even format my exFAT formatted flash drive.+ Desktop PC.  This is a blessing and a curse, but it is pretty nifty to be able to run desktop applications from a little tablet.+ Screen size.  It's a little bigger than my iPad and the extra screen real estate is nice.+ Features.  There's some cool things you can do with this.  It's handwriting recognition is amazing.  There's even an option where you can use a stylus as a keyboard.  You can write the letters you want and the Surface translates into text...you can use this in search bars and even address bars.  Pay attention, Apple! Negatives:- Battery life.  Running Onenote, Adobe Reader and Edge (i.e. internet explorer) in tablet mode with a full charge, the predicted battery life was just under 3 hours.  Given that I'm sometimes in lecture for much longer, that's a deal breaker.  My 3 year old iPad chugs along for 8 hours with no problem.- Screen quality.  The screen is bigger, but fewer pixels and worse contrast.  It was a much less pleasent reading experience than on my iPad.- Speed.  Programs load quicly, but actually using them can be slow.  For example, I sent a 12mb PDF to Onenote to read and highlight.  It took several minutes to upload, and once it had it would only load one page at a time.  It look longer for it to load a page than for me to read that page -- not helpful.  When I tried to upload a 46mb PDF it took 30 minutes to import and then pages refused to load at all.  This takes seconds on my iPad with Notability.  This was a dealbreaker...I don't have days to spend uploading over a dozen textbooks onto this device.  I've heard Drawboard is much better about reading large PDF's, but it won't sync to my desktop.- Stability.  Onenote kept crashing when I tried to import a 46mB textbook to it via the &#34;send to onenote&#34; feature.  It eventually made it through, but I'm used to my iPad, which rarely crashes.  It also did a wierd thing where I would click on the Adobe Reader tile and Onenote would open up.  I restarted it and it stopped doing that.  But Onenote did lock a few times even when not uploading things.  I take fast notes on this thing during lectures; it can't freeze on me.- Syncing.  I have a Mac and getting this to share information was hard.  You can run iCloud on the Surface, but files show up very slowly (probably Apple's fault).  Dropbox is a little faster.  Onenote syncs small notes with the desktop app easily, but doesn't sync large files at all.- OS.  I do think it's nifty to run desktop applications on a tablet, but the dual OS system is just confusing.  It also really expects you to have a keyboard.  The onscreen keyboard does not always pop up when you click on a text field.  If you are in desktop mode, there's a little keyboard icon that you can click on to make the keyboard appear manually.  If you are in tablet mode and the keyboard doesn't pop up on its own (often), you have to manually turn off tablet mode and then click on the keyboard icon.  Sound confusing?  Yeah, it is.  It's also difficult to get this thing to acknowledge a screen tap, which makes opening programs or accessing menus a pain..*********TL;DR: This is definitely a compromise device.  It does some awesome things that an iPad just can't, but it lacks the simplicity, reliability and speed of an iPad.  It is more affordable and portable than a high-end laptop, but lacks the juice to run a desktop OS easily.  It is also intended as a stand alone device, which means most programs aren't designed to sync up with a desktop version.This could be the perfect device for some people, while being useless to others.  I would recommend buying this from somewhere with an excellent return policy and then putting it through it's paces right away.  The only way to know if it will work for you is to try it...unless you want to read, annotate and sync textbooks to a mac.  Then it won't work.  Get an iPad instead.
RKU5GTNVV9GC4->Good: Microsoft 10, decent storage for the price, fair amount of RAM, Micro SD port.Bad: The charger.  We've been having problems with our charger since day one.  The Surface won't charge unless we have it plugged into our phone charger and then it charges slowly due to the power output difference.  Looking for a replacement on Microsoft's store only showed a 2-star replacement-not feeling too good about keeping this thing around for a while.
R492137982->If I could give this product no stars I would.This is absolute garbage. I've only started using this tablet for a week now and now it will not charge. Now I am left with a $600 brick to smash my face in with. I can't believe I even bought something from Microsoft. Bought a MacBook in 2006 and it crashed in 6 months. I've been fooled by Apple and fooled by Microsoft. Can't get fooled again.
Rwe343480->Love my Surface 3 when it works like it should. Too many times I've experienced the keyboard not working, or the computer freezes, lines (like glitches) across the screen, and lately when I'm surfing the web, it will exit out of internet explorer completely. I like Microsoft over Apple PCs though.
R548937921->Very handy little tablet. I would have given it 5 starts if I didn't have to buy the keyboard separately.
R95800342re->Traded up from my iPad Mini since all my schoolwork, especially some technical programs, are Windows based. The iPad is great, but my productivity has increased greatly with the Surface. Also, since I have lower back issues, the relief from the strain of carrying my laptop without losing Windows OS was welcome indeed. Taking notes is a breeze!!! Very accurate, even with cursive. Some technical issues with the Surface Pen, One Note, and Windows 10 with "right click" going nuts, but that's Windows 10 fault as I've seen this issue commonly online. Great for students, although if you need to use heavy graphics or a need greater processing power (Programming for example) I would recommend the Pro or Notebook versions. If you are staying pretty light this version is fine, though I've pushed my Surface 3 a bit and have yet to be disappointed.
RRE323EF358->I have been looking for a light-weight laptop computer for traveling. This is the lightest among the ones I looked at. With the keyboard, it is only 1 lb 14.5 ounces, yet it is a full functioning Windows computer! I do not play games, nor do I edit videos a lot, especially during traveling. I use my iPhone with Bose noise cancelling headphone to listen to music. I just need to send and receive emails, book tickets, pay bills, surf the internet etc, So this Atom processor meets my need perfectly with good battery life.It is quiet as well, like my iPad mini. I really like this new laptop/tablet.
R4HFKERH444->I never thought I'd buy a Microsoft tablet but this one is a sexy little machine that works so well, I'm looking forward to getting the Pro 4! Everywhere I take this tablet, others have loved it.
R98475FHKERJ->Very nice tablet. A bit pricey, but the battery life is good and for day to day usage, it gets the job done. I use this mostly for web browsing, document editing and watching movies while traveling.
R9483FERF3->So i bought this for college mind you, asked my advisor if this thing would last and he said yes, it will last you. One program gives it some problems but other than that your fine.So here I am......Well let's get started. I will say do NOT buy this if your looking to use it for engineering during college. I'm in computer programming (yes it's part of the engineering field) and I'm already having problems and I'm already at 75% to 80% ram usage while the CPU is at 90% mind you this is along with having ONE chrome tab open while listening to music on youtube. It's lagging, taking 1-5 minutes to respond and show what I typed up and the music staggers while coding. So, engineers, do yourself a favor and get a surface pro, the surface 3 is too weak and it's max Ghz is 1.6, don't get fooled by the 2.4Ghz boost which is supposably in there. There is no mode for High performance and boost activates by default as intel states. Also I'd like to point out that I do have it plugged in so simply with that it should activate. Again, get yourself a surface pro and not a surface 3. I'd recommend a pro 4 with i5 and 8Gb ram so that your worry free of the issue I'm experiencing.now, for those who aren't using this stuff for engineering that demands power, this thing is certainly for you.record lectures, take notes on one note and record audio during note taking and even take high quality pictures. If you need extra stuff on it, no worries, it's a full OS unlike apples ipad. Office works great on this device with absolutly no problems. I can have up to 15+ tabs open on chrome when I'm researching for my english class alongside having youtube play some music and 3 word documents up and I'm still doing just fine, no lag or skips what so ever is present. allowing me to do what I need (kind of, above is reason).This Surface is great for those who aren't really going into a high end demanding field like me. Don't let others tell you it works in that field because it won't.Other than that this device has no issues with me. I can surf the web, install small games (low demanding games) which I don't have on it but you know what the game demands if you put steam on it. MicroSD card slot to expand my storage along with a USB port and etc. just because I can't do one thing doesn't make this a horrible device. I should have researched deeper than simply asking my college advisor if it'll do. That's my fault. not the surface 3.do I recommend this device? absolutly. with a free year of office365 (if available still) the device does a lot for it's price. touch, pen support on a level like no other, and a full OS. Battery lasts an everage of 7 hours. loweing the brightness when it isn't needed will give you more battery (a lot more).
R79324RRF0->I would agree that it is a great gadget but now I can't attach it back to the product's keyboard.
R03920R9FR->Good quality, Windows 10 is a must. No problem with it. Highly recommended. It can run any Windows application so you are not restricted to Windows Store Apps. A little expensive. You will need a protective film. The official keyboard and pen are not required. I use a bluetooth keyboard and mouse.
R3948RFR303->This device really works. It is a real computer that multitasks, runs multiple monitors, and is fast enough for everything except serious video editing. It converts quickly to a tablet, where it has a great touch screen, great camera, and great WiFi reception. I bought the base model with 2Gig of memory and 64Gig of disk space. It is plenty fast, and there is plenty of disk space for my music, pictures, and videos. If I ever run out of disk space, I can insert an SD memory card, or upload files to the cloud.You can by cheaper tablets, but they can't really function as a computer. You can pay more for Apple's iPad, but currently it doesn't really multitask, and their keyboard is not yet released.The surface is the current leader. I am very happy.
R48793R44F->DO NOT PURCHASE THIS COMPUTER!! its seriously the worst of all time!!! it constantly says "plugged in not charging" and refuses to charge its completely terrible garbage! if you buy this you are asking for constant problems trust me! Idk now this is 4 stars??? just type in "plugged in not charging surface 3" on google and you will see what a disaster this computer really is!
RFHRU4R3094->From its responsiveness, to its sleek design, this beauty is an amazing little device. Not nearly as powerful as the pro 3, but it's perfect for a casual user who only wishes to watch Netflix, draw or write a word document. Couple it with the type face, surface pen,and/or microsofts arc mouse, and you got one hell of versital little computer.
R3487RHFRIU->great product, good seller
R903209RRF->Would not recommend. Bought first one, within 1 month it wouldnt even start. Sent it back for a replacement. Have had it not even 3 months, and it wont start AGAIN. Extremely disappointed.
R23904R9RF->I am thinking of returning the keyboard with the tablet. The tablet often freezes off, randomly turns off and sometimes takes several tries to turn back on. The keyboard will disconnect and stop working. I have to turn off the tablet and then turn it on again in order get the keyboard to work again.
R2039402RJO->I never thought I'd find a tablet that could replace a laptop but this one really seem to be able to do just that, as long as you buy the keyboard with it. You aren't going to do any heavy photo or video editing with this tablet but for basic home use, it's been great so far. This is my third tablet but first Windows-based one. Windows 10 is, so far, very good in both "tablet" and "laptop" mode. All of the MS Office products work very will with the tablet to the point that I haven't found anything this thing can't do (so far).I'm using it right now to type this review and it is as simple to use as any laptop I've ever used. So far, no complaints about Windows 10 except for a lack of apps for the platform. I can get a ton more apps for my Android tablet but I guess that is to be expected until Windows gains more of a share of the tablet market (which this tablet might just help them do).I still turn to my Android tablet for many of the tasks I have always used it for but when I need a computer, this is my go-to device. It's portable enough to use in meetings and powerful enough to use for just about everything I need to do.
R2039840ERFF->This is a wonderfull product with a very high resolution screen. Operates well as a tablet or a laptop with the keyboard accessory (essential). Windows 10 needs more time for me to get comfortable (4 days so far), but I think I'll be fine. This choice is an upgrade from a Samsung android 7" tablet used for the past two years and I wanted a hybrid tablet/PC. The larger memory is probably well worth the added expense since Windows software takes up so much space and over time other apps and storage will be needed. I think it is expandable with a micro SD card. I have also already used the USB slot with an 8 G thumb drive with no issue. With the step-up hard drive comes 4 Gigs of RAM which is also a big plus for speed with multiple apps open. The stylus accessory is a little touchy but perhaps needs more practice on my part. So far, this product is a winner.
R320990432E->This is totally not worth it, you can only do about one eighth of what an Ipad can do and second the windows platform has literally no apps or games worth playing. This is one boring device and with Windows 8/10 the performance hangs half the time and just simply sucks.
R30298CJKF->his package came damaged and I am not able to return because I was traveling and couldn't open the package until today. It seems I have just lost $500
RFDJKHB3R39->We are very unhappy with this tablet. We returned the first one we ordered as it did not work. It was quickly replaced with a new one, but continues to have the same problems the first one did. The battery only lasts for a couple of hours, the speaker and mouse only work sometimes.
R3CR09R44->Software and operation wise, it's great. Build/design wise, bad. I've had for only two months, never handled it roughly or dropped it but found a hairline crack on the bottom left corner. Because of the crack, the tablet will not respond to your touch and would intermittently respond to the stylus (unlike a smartphone, where the multiple cracks does not hinder functionality). The manufacturer's service is abyssmal and rude. They claim to have a zero defect manufactured product (a very bold and unheard of claim) and would not replace or repair (w/o a fee). Will not buy again unless it has been tested and shown to be able to handle a little roughness (since day-to-day use was more than it could handle) without falling apart.
R938RFRIUFH->I like this tablet in the overall except the battery duration. This is a major problem. It doesn't even last 3 hours fully charged, is this normal?
R9R02CRFIO->It's lightweight and responds well to touch commands, but I hate windows' os. i returned this because i hate windows 10 and also 8 so much. the stand part can dig into your legs after long periods and it's a little unwieldy to hold. sound quality was pretty good and speed was great too, although i only used it on wifi so who knows about 3/4g. so basically if you dont mind windows operating systems go for it, its a powerful laptop/tablet for a good price.
R92I3RNRF->I am a college student, and after my older Dell computer stopped working I decided to buy a Surface. I rated my experience with this product based on a couple of factors. Size is important to me, as I would like to be able to easily travel with it; speed is also important in that I would like to be able to work on multiple things at a time without having my computer slow down. When evaluating the Surface using these criteria, it is vastly better than what I had before.While it is small, it fits easily in my backpack and leaves room for books and notebooks. It fits on small classroom desks and conveniently folds into a tablet, which fits on your lap. If you would prefer a larger size, the Surface Pro has a screen 1.5 inches bigger.While my previous computer was considered old (I had it for almost four years), when compared to a new Surface it was incredibly slow. The Surface is able to handle multiple tabs and programs a lot better than anything I've previously had experience with. I can often work on multiple assignments, programs, and websites at the same time, something I could not do on my previous laptop. Additionally, I liked that there are multiple colors to choose from when selecting the keyboard, and that the carrying cases come in different colors, patterns and materials as well. If you like to add a personal touch to your belongings, this laptop will let you do so.As for price, it is expensive. However, they have a $100 insurance policy that will allow you to replace your surface for any reason if it is not working properly. This policy lasts for three years, which is as long as my old laptop lasted; needless to say, for me it was worth it.Lastly, as with all products, there are a couple negatives. The keyboard is very difficult to clean, so be careful when you eat or drink around it. However, I have found that using a towel with very hot water sometimes helps. Also, the touch screen may become dirty with fingerprints, but this can be avoided by not using it frequently and washing your hands prior to use.Overall, I am very happy with this product. If you are a student looking for a portable, quick, and customizable laptop I would highly recommend the Surface.
R389R8ER8F->This is a great tablet that gets even better when paired with the type cover and the Microsoft Surface 3 Stylus. It came with Windows 10 which was great, I didn't have to download the upgrade. I purchased and installed Office 2013 on this unit and even without it being the Surface Pro 3 it has plenty of juice to run the software. I also like the fact that it allows multiple windows and you can size them where you want. This device has you covered from all angles. Whether you want to browse the web, need to type up a report, or take down notes with the stylus and have them converted to text. I use it for everything from reading e-books, to using VPN and RDP to log into my desktop at work.
R389UCR93->I recently purchased the Microsoft Surface 3. This product is all in all great and reasonably priced; I’m very pleased with it thus far. I bought it in purpose for school. My laptop is too big and heavy to carry in my backpack around campus all day. This tablet is light weight, durable, and the perfect size; not big like a laptop, but not too small like a Kindle.Functions and Features The main reason I got a tablet was to replace my laptop and it does just that. It has a nice desktop setting that allows you to save documents, pictures, and downloads just like a computer would. The Surface 3 is better than an iPad because it has Microsoft Office on it; which allows to use Word, Excel, and One Note. These programs work great for taking notes or writing papers in class. You can also get apps and games like you would on an iPad. This device has a wonderful screen resolution projecting a great picture which makes it nice to watch movies or Netflix. Battery Life When I first got the Microsoft Surface 3, it took about 3 hours to fully set up and sync. Once the initial setup is done, this product runs fast and loads quickly. It turns on fast and keeps its battery life for a fairly long period of time. However, if you stream music or movies on it your battery will discharge more quickly. One thing I noticed is that this device takes a while to charge up; so I plug it in at night and then it’s good to go in the morning when I leave for school.Accessories I would recommend when buying the Microsoft Surface 3 to get the pen and keyboard to go along with it. That is my biggest regret thus far. While the touch screen is very easy to use; when using Word, Excel, and OneNote, a keyboard would make it a lot easier to type. The pen would also make the touch screen a little more user friendly when clicking on specific links, or trying to right click.The Microsoft Surface 3 is a great product and works perfect for school. I highly recommend this product especially for any student considering to buy a tablet for notes/class purposes.
R387CHRURF->I wanted to update the tablet to windows 10 before activating the free year of 365. After the windows 10 update, the option to redeem is gone. Costco can't help me because the redemption application was stock Microsoft application. After contacting Microsoft support, they will not help be because I bought it from Costco. CRAP COSTUMER SUPPORT ON MICROSOFT SIDE!!! Extremely unhappy that what would leave a customer hanging out to dry like that.
R9ED9UC93RI->Warning!!! Do not buy this piece of crap! I bought this tablet to use for school after first having tried it at my local Best Buy store, and what reeled me in was the ability to take notes on it that were actually legible. I really liked the idea of being able to make my school bag smaller and the fact that this is more of a PC than it is tablet. Sounds great right? Wrong! Microsoft recently switched all of their Surface products to Windows 10. The surface I tried at my local Best Buy was running Windows 8. The difference between the two is night and day. As it currently stands the Surface 3 is a frustrating experience. When taking notes the surface thinks my palm pressure should bring up the keyboard and an option to cut and paste my work. This doesn't seem like a big deal until you realize this is happening a few hundred times during a 1 hour lecture. Wanna send notes to friend that missed class? Not happening. The format isn't supported by other computers. Wanna play games from the app store? Nope. Not unless you're into Microsoft only apps. Will your internet connection be reliable with this device? Absolutely not! The Kindle Fire has better internet reliability than this device. Until Microsoft fixes the bugs with Windows 10, the Surface 3 will stand to be runner up to whatever icrap comes out at the end of the year. Do yourself a favor and buy a decent laptop. It only took me two weeks to realize why I hated everything about Microsoft with the Surface 3. Now I have to go spend the rest of my day transferring my notes from Onenote and drop box so that I can actually use the information I need. Thanks Microsoft.
RFHURHVNURE->Purchased through ATT with LTE for work as I work remote and often have to connect into work from the car. Here is my experience. Week 1. Upgraded to windows 10 right away and it was great. Week 2, type keyboard cover stopped working until you removed it and put it back on every time it woke up from sleep mode. Week 3: touch screen stopped working, type touch cover stopped working, 5 hours with Microsoft support and they want me to ship my brand new device into them so they can send me a refurb. It took 5 hours because the Microsoft employee barely spoke passable English and couldn't understand the V as in Victor did not mean B and in Bictor. Save your money and buy a mac. After ATT refused to take the device back I went to the apple store and bought a MacBook Air. On week 3 and nothing but smiles.
R49R9UFJR8->I bought a Surface 3 WiFi from the Microsoft Store just before they announced the LTE version. Today the Manager of the local store allowed me to return that and replace it with the 128 GB LTE version just released today. I am stoked! The WiFi-only version was terrific. I used Photoshop, did some light programming using text editors and git, browsed the web, used a few Windows Store apps; Netflix, hulu+ are awesome on the device with Staffpad, Readit, Pluralsight excellent as well. However my 1 1/2 commute required that I use my phone as a hotspot. Needless to say the connection quality wasn't great and phone battery life went down hill. No more peoblems now with LTE. This device really has everything I need. One other thing, the LTE VERSION also comes with GPS. With Cortana's geofenced-based reminders, my Surface 3 now warns me when I need to get off the bus/train. Nice!
R43209RFHUI->The tablet itself is nice, but I wish I would have stuck with Windows 8. There are so many glitches that still need to be worked out with Windows 10 that it's frustrating to work with. I use it for class notes and it's constantly freezing or deleting my notes as I write. I really hope they get these glitches figured out SOON!
R39RFNROWP->Great
R984RFFRE->I am really very happy because I've bought this item .. I'm proud to deal with you
R38URJFHOR->Even though I'm still getting used to Windows 10, which came installed. It's taking some time to get used to the different menus. I would have given it 5 stars, but I was led to believe that Office 365 came pre-loaded; not true. It does if you are an organization or school, but not for personal use which wasn't explained on the items description. I had to purchase Office 365 to get the pen to work properly. Then the pre-loaded OneNote wouldn't communicate with the OneNote that came with the purchased Office 365. I had to take it to Geek Squad to get that fixed; default app settings didn't help. It's working great now, and I'm extremely happy with the small portable size; it fits right in my purse.
R3OUFIHRIFHF->Probably the greatest invention by Microsoft since windows. This new laptop suits all my needs in terms of speed, weight and design.
R49UFNRKF->At first, I really liked the Tablet. It was really nice and very fun to use but I found some difficulties with Windows 10. I couldnt get use to it after hours of tinkering. I couldnt get OneNote to work which was a big detriment for me since I bought it for college/note-taking purposes.
R39RIOFF->I am student in college and this is the smartest thing I have bought. To be amazingly useful for school, you need the type cover and pen, but it is so worth it. It makes notetaking fast and easy. I recommend the one with more storage and RAM as this is not a powerful device, and you can buy one with a 10% student discount on Microsoft's store.
RNRJK3EO30->1. Keep in mind the keyboard us small and the letters will be cramped. I have large hands as I wear a size 14 ring. If you have large hand and typically don't have to hunt and peck you may be frustrated with the size and might be better with the PRO or some other.2. I do like the fact that it uses Window 10 and full Office 10. That means documents created on a laptop or PC will be interchangeable.3. Lots of luck loading Windows 10 as it I kept getting error messages and messages that the website was malfunctioning. Eventually I was able to find where I could communicate with tech service and they called me and eventually loaded it remotely.4. At first I thought the unit did not come with Office 365 and even communicated with Amazon cust service who agreed to help me by returning the unit for another. Giving it one last try I found how to load it in without having to pay for another subscription.5. I will warn you that the font size on settings is small and repetitively I would be typing in a password or the like and for some reason it would jump out of the box. If you are typing hunt and peck you are concentrating on looking at the keyboard and not what is being typed only to find you are not entering the data you want. Frustrating!6. The instructions are lacking and you will need to use YOUTUBE for your more meaningful instructions.My hope is this is just the LEARNING CURVE and that I will learn workarounds for each and that my original premise for buying it will prove true.
R87RYFRBUY->let me make it simple: If you're a geek (like me) who knows about technology then you'll love it, if you're that average guy (like my brother) then complete reading.I'll review this device as a tablet (without keyboard, using it only by touch and a Surface pen) if you'll get the Surface keyboard then don't complete reading :)I got this device for my brother who is an average user. At first he was thinking of getting an iPad and then came to me and said "I think the Surface would be more useful for me cuz I can run apps like matlab (which is a windows app that engineering students use) for collage." He said he wanted it for collage purposes like viewing slides, web browsing, and engineering apps. I told him "for these kind of apps you won't (need) the keyboard, you can get only the surface pen for areas where you'll need that mouse pointer precision which you can't replace with your finger, and save some cash by not getting the keyboard. And he did.Note: all problems mentioned below are software issues which can be solved in the future.Problem #1: Windows 8 is confusing.I think everyone knows how windows 8 is unfamiliar for users that are coming from windows 7. So there is a learning curve if you're gonna use windows 8. There is a lot of topics written on the web about that, so I'll not talk more about it, you can google it.Problem #2: Not all apps that come preinstalled are touch optimised.I can forgive other companies apps for not being touch optimised but not Windows’s own preinstalled apps. Even an app that you’ll use a lot like file explorer isn’t touch optimised. I mean you can live with the fact that icons and right-click menus are small to touch off course the Surface pen helps in these ares but still that is not good. Also it’s not easy to select text in classic apps like Notepad.Problem #3: The on-screen touch keyboard.do you know that behaviour when you use your smartphone and let’s say you tapped on the text box to start typing and send a message to someone, the keyboard will pop up automatically cuz it’s common sense that you’ll need it to type. That doesn’t happen on windows which is stupid, you have to click on the “show keyboard” button every time you want to type something and you have to dismiss it manually also. The keyboard only pops up automatically in touch optimised apps which are formally known as "metro apps.”It’s really embarrassing and funny at the same time that a company like Microsoft can’t address an issue like that.Problem #4: He changed his mind!That day he told me “I want to use Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator on it” and here was the problem, if you used these apps before then you definitely know that you need a keyboard to quickly switch between tools, undo and redo actions and to use all the other essential shortcuts.I googled it for him and I found an alternative for not having a keyboard which you can find here >> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZTmbsopAmk&html5=1 It’s a nice tool that one guy on the internet did (Thank you sir), I found it better than the other tool that another guy did which is called "toolbar creator" because toolbar creator doesn’t provide a “hold” action.After that he could use Photoshop after going to photoshop settings and enabling 200% UI Scaling which makes every thing a bit bigger to be easier to tap with the surface pen. But unfortunately Adobe Illustrator doesn’t have that option and every thing is so tiny, so I can say it’s unusable without a mouse. Illustrator has a stupid “touch mode” which makes it like kids app by taking a lot of features from you and making the UI so simple. Also Illustrator does not support palm rejection nor pinch to zoom but photoshop does.When it comes to hardware there isn’t too much to complain about, the device is really well built, it’s in the level of a Mac build quality. Only wished there was a 4th position for the kickstand just like that position >> http://www.winbeta.org/sites/default/files/news/surfacepro3kickc.jpg which would be nice for drawing and writing but it’s not a big deal, I can close the kickstand and lay it down on its back.