R1N7XMOLGOYAZV->Second day of ownership the computer practically slowed to a crawl.  Boxed it up and sent back to Amazon.
RB16SBUXNYVF->Great laptop, which is accomplishing everything that I expected.
R1TRQ3H4SHE78R->I purchased this laptop because I wanted a new PC that did not have Windows 10 installed on it. I have used PCs and laptops since the 1980's and found Microsoft's three best operating systems to be Windows 98 , Windows XP and Windows 7. (Vista  and Windows 8 were IMHO disasters). (The &#34;free&#34; upgrade to Windows 10 is available, but I would do some very serious research before accepting the electronic agreement for it's use}. The PC itself is a reasonably good value for the price. 4 GB of RAM is a bit light for an operating system as sophisticated as Windows 7, however the upgrade to 8 GB is only about $40 for the SIMM. (Unfortunately there is only one memory slot so the only upgrade you can make to the memory is to install a single 8 GB module). The disk drive is also easy to replace. You can probably use a SSD, however SSDs of 500 GB or more are still quite expensive. The display is  fairly sharp, but I have seen better contrast on higher end PCs. The sound quality is reasonably good with its built in speakers, but for more serious listening you will want to hook on a pair of amplified PC speakers. The touch pad mouse works OK but a wireless mouse greatly increases ease of use. The keyboard is very low and flat. It is set way back and only fills about half the width of the PC. The keys only move a fraction of an inch and are extremely sensitive to the touch. I would recommend getting a wireless keyboard if you arre planning on using the keyboard for extensive typing or data entry. Overall I am pleased with this purchase. Power users and Gamers may want to look at laptops with a faster processor and a higher contrast display, but this Laptop should be more than adequate for the needs of the average user.
R1NFOCVIN9069J->Great lightweight and thin laptop.  Good speed perfect for what I do.
RN0J5DIKZT390->Not as good a picture as my previous Studio model.
R1THVH0CPZ3ZV3->Very good
R3K4TPU9GL04PI->This is a &#34;Travel &#34; Lap top - not intended for heavy duty 24/7 use at home but after setting it up I came to realize it could easily replace my desktop if need be. Also - the added feature of a camera and &#34;Skype&#34; is great - I just wish I had someone to call :) This was the perfect choice for me ( Windows 7)  since I wanted nothing to do with Window 8 or its bandaged upgrades - I will use my Windows 10 option later.
R31UCB17E4DPN8->I had to replace a laptop i purchased that had Windows 8. This one was easy to set up, get all needed applications loaded and connected.
RNQI7L0N9P4HI->None
R314NNBFRNM91S->Laptop is low-average quality and over-priced for the product.  Computer was sluggish to begin with, even with upgrade of faster processor and additional RAM made at time of initial purchase.  After the first year of use, the computer completely died. Working with Dell technical support has been a long, protracted, and woefully disappointing battle.  After over a month, the laptop is still dead in the water.  Bear in mind, this is after sending the laptop back to the Dell Center for repairs (computer was sent back still broken) and after site visits from Dell tech subcontractors (who have made scheduling repairs next to impossible and have yet to bring any life back to the computer).  Computer is under full warranty, yet Dell has refused to replace the computer if further efforts to repair it fail. My last computer was also a Dell, and was fraught with technical problems as well, so this will be my last Dell.  I would strongly recommend going with another brand all together (Microsoft, Lenovo, Chromebook, or Mac).  Will not be working with Dell again.
R11YIJKVYSMRK3->I was deciding between a MacBook and this, as my nine year old MacBook couldn't be updated enough for current software (otherwise was still perfect). I don't use my laptop a lot as I use my iPad, so I didn't want to spend a lot of money. This computer had what I needed.  I knew it came with Windows 8.1 and I would have to upgrade.  I guess I didn't expect to have to spend a day and a half upgrading to Windows 10.  Now that it's upgraded, all seems to be fine.
RNMO8P2WT1KO3->I hate this laptop. Here is why: I have a blog. When I am typing my palm swipes the touch pad and moves my cursor! Which means I will start writing somewhere else then when I want to be writing. No matter how hard I try not to touch the mouse pad with my hand it makes no difference. I have barely used this laptop and the letters on the keys are already starting to wear off. And to add to the lousy experience the keys are not sensitive at all. Sometimes I have to press the key 2-3 times before it will register. I type 45WPM and it throws off my momentum. I am a writer and I bought this laptop for writing and doing programming.\nUnless you don't have much money or you only check e-mail or something, I would pass on this laptop. I will never buy this model again ever. I wouldn't pay even 100 bucks for this laptop I hate it that much.\nOn the plus side, the battery lasts a good 4-6 hours. It has a sturdy construction, I have dropped it a few times. It has a good hinge system. The laptop responds well enough in terms of performance. It came with 8GB of RAM which is plenty for me. And it came with a 1TB HDD which I have only used about 200GB of.\nOh, the LCD panel is protected by a flimsy shell and that is not a good feature in a laptop.
R30OH0EPTTWDFH->My only complaints on thi computer were already described in others reviews. So I expected it. Touchpad is not very good but usable. SD card sticks out too far. Other than that I am using it as we speak (type/read)
R2KCX6EBC8FCEE->None
R1PHOX26HSGBYL->Beautiful machine that works perfectly.  I was particularly impressed that--other than McAfee--there was no garbage installed.  I easily removed McAfee and was ready to go.  I purchased this machine as a backup to my terrific Dell desktop and was so thankgul to still be able to purchase a Windows 7 machine.  My two now run seamlessly together.  Very satisfied with my purchase.
R2AEWAWKDJRW4B->None
R3OIC1EZIYEOQN->Hard drive completely failed,  but replacement was &#34;easy&#34; to follow. Warranty worked well. Still lost all of my hard drive saved files. The last of its kind with an optical drive. Great for playing dvds.
R3NPZZYT2MLHES->I am very disappointed in almost everything about this laptop, sound quality, screen/picture, no light up keyboard, etc.
R2W12BJ6CQAL49->Bought this laptop for word processing and watching movies. By far the WORST computer I've ever owned. Bought in August 2015 to replace a Dell 1300 I'd bought a year earlier that was stolen. Laptop turns off randomly (fully charged or plugged in, nothing running except a DVD, or email open, nothing running in task manager) - just makes a squawk and goes completely blank. Computer randomly chirps no matter what it's doing. Extremely slow. Internet regularly crashes  (Mozilla Firefox, IE) at least 10-12 times per day. I've always loved my Dell's - this is the 5th I've owned and after the experience I'll never buy again. I've gone so far to take it to my trusted IT specialist who told me he can't find anything wrong but did witness two times it turned off. Get your act together, Dell.
R1W9TT2HAHS8ZS->works well.
R1TJQYWJ9AC0ET->great resolution and does everything I need.
R2QOW9CJOBM573->Cheap and not a fan at all. Very slow as well. Returned it after a week.
R3S0Q6HMSD1KTU->Great laptop, which is accomplishing everything that I expected.
R33AJGHR92A3XJ->I purchased this laptop because I wanted a new PC that did not have Windows 10 installed on it. I have used PCs and laptops since the 1980's and found Microsoft's three best operating systems to be Windows 98 , Windows XP and Windows 7. (Vista  and Windows 8 were IMHO disasters).\n(The &#34;free&#34; upgrade to Windows 10 is available, but I would do some very serious research before accepting the electronic agreement for it's use}.\nThe PC itself is a reasonably good value for the price. 4 GB of RAM is a bit light for an operating system as sophisticated as Windows 7, however the upgrade to 8 GB is only about $40 for the SIMM. (Unfortunately there is only one memory slot so the only upgrade you can make to the memory is to install a single 8 GB module). The disk drive is also easy to replace. You can probably use a SSD, however SSDs of 500 GB or more are still quite expensive. The display is  fairly sharp, but I have seen better contrast on higher end PCs. The sound quality is reasonably good with its built in speakers, but for more serious listening you will want to hook on a pair of amplified PC speakers. The touch pad mouse works OK but a wireless mouse greatly increases ease of use. The keyboard is very low and flat. It is set way back and only fills about half the width of the PC. The keys only move a fraction of an inch and are extremely sensitive to the touch. I would recommend getting a wireless keyboard if you arre planning on using the keyboard for extensive typing or data entry. Overall I am pleased with this purchase. Power users and Gamers may want to look at laptops with a faster processor and a higher contrast display, but this Laptop should be more than adequate for the needs of the average user.
R23X2QNKINNYMG->Bought a Toshiba that stopped working after 3 weeks. This one has been great so far. It's been a couple of months. I'm not a computer geek, I use it for facebook, emailing, and movies. Works for me!
R3OU6N1OWVZ4NL->Acceptable for it's price. If you're going to use your own monitor it's OK. It was given to me by the company I work. By the time I'm writing this review, I'm struggling to see what I'm actually writing because of the glare, if you've used an IPS panel anti-glare panel screen before, I'm afraid this screen is not even close to satisfaction even though it says &#34;Truelife&#34; Display.
R1N7XMOLGOYAZV->Second day of ownership the computer practically slowed to a crawl.  Boxed it up and sent back to Amazon.
RB16SBUXNYVF->Great laptop, which is accomplishing everything that I expected.
RT8900UOH789->DO NOT BUY THIS COMPUTER. Windows just sucks. For the first month, I thought that I liked this computer, then all of the "trials" that they don't tell you you're trying expired. Quite literally as I'm writing this review, new tabs are opening up and trying to get me to buy things. Spend the extra money on a Mac. It's worth it, you'll never have any issues. I regret buying this computer, and straying away from Apple. You get what you pay for I guess.
RTYSAY8998900->Very sluggish
R878YHDS9S90->This is a very good laptop for basic activity. It can play basic games and feels very sturdy. It streams videos very well and is overall a very nice laptop for the price.
R76868998Y98S->Great for my simple usage which consists of surfing the net.RNQI7L0N9P4HI->Everything went as expected, except it was shipped without the segment of the power cord that plugs into electricity.
R314NNBFRNM91S->Laptop is low-average quality and over-priced for the product.  Computer was sluggish to begin with, even with upgrade of faster processor and additional RAM made at time of initial purchase.  After the first year of use, the computer completely died. Working with Dell technical support has been a long, protracted, and woefully disappointing battle.  After over a month, the laptop is still dead in the water.  Bear in mind, this is after sending the laptop back to the Dell Center for repairs (computer was sent back still broken) and after site visits from Dell tech subcontractors (who have made scheduling repairs next to impossible and have yet to bring any life back to the computer).  Computer is under full warranty, yet Dell has refused to replace the computer if further efforts to repair it fail. My last computer was also a Dell, and was fraught with technical problems as well, so this will be my last Dell.  I would strongly recommend going with another brand all together (Microsoft, Lenovo, Chromebook, or Mac).  Will not be working with Dell again.
R11YIJKVYSMRK3->I was deciding between a MacBook and this, as my nine year old MacBook couldn't be updated enough for current software (otherwise was still perfect). I don't use my laptop a lot as I use my iPad, so I didn't want to spend a lot of money. This computer had what I needed.  I knew it came with Windows 8.1 and I would have to upgrade.  I guess I didn't expect to have to spend a day and a half upgrading to Windows 10.  Now that it's upgraded, all seems to be fine.
RNMO8P2WT1KO3->None
R30OH0EPTTWDFH->None
R2KCX6EBC8FCEE->None
R1PHOX26HSGBYL->None
R2AEWAWKDJRW4B->None
R3OIC1EZIYEOQN->Hard drive completely failed,  but replacement was &#34;easy&#34; to follow. Warranty worked well. Still lost all of my hard drive saved files. The last of its kind with an optical drive. Great for playing dvds.
R3NPZZYT2MLHES->None
R2W12BJ6CQAL49->None
R1W9TT2HAHS8ZS->works well.
R1TJQYWJ9AC0ET->None
R2QOW9CJOBM573->Cheap and not a fan at all. Very slow as well. Returned it after a week.
R3S0Q6HMSD1KTU->This will be absolutely perfect for school and working away from home.
R33AJGHR92A3XJ->None
R23X2QNKINNYMG->None
R3OU6N1OWVZ4NL->None
R1N7XMOLGOYAZV->None
RB16SBUXNYVF->None
R1TRQ3H4SHE78R->I purchased this laptop because I wanted a new PC that did not have Windows 10 installed on it. I have used PCs and laptops since the 1980's and found Microsoft's three best operating systems to be Windows 98 , Windows XP and Windows 7. (Vista  and Windows 8 were IMHO disasters). (The &#34;free&#34; upgrade to Windows 10 is available, but I would do some very serious research before accepting the electronic agreement for it's use}. The PC itself is a reasonably good value for the price. 4 GB of RAM is a bit light for an operating system as sophisticated as Windows 7, however the upgrade to 8 GB is only about $40 for the SIMM. (Unfortunately there is only one memory slot so the only upgrade you can make to the memory is to install a single 8 GB module). The disk drive is also easy to replace. You can probably use a SSD, however SSDs of 500 GB or more are still quite expensive. The display is  fairly sharp, but I have seen better contrast on higher end PCs. The sound quality is reasonably good with its built in speakers, but for more serious listening you will want to hook on a pair of amplified PC speakers. The touch pad mouse works OK but a wireless mouse greatly increases ease of use. The keyboard is very low and flat. It is set way back and only fills about half the width of the PC. The keys only move a fraction of an inch and are extremely sensitive to the touch. I would recommend getting a wireless keyboard if you arre planning on using the keyboard for extensive typing or data entry. Overall I am pleased with this purchase. Power users and Gamers may want to look at laptops with a faster processor and a higher contrast display, but this Laptop should be more than adequate for the needs of the average user.
R1NFOCVIN9069J->Great lightweight and thin laptop.  Good speed perfect for what I do.
R2N343P9CG24XA->None
RXTWYIAB4OVYE->None
R2GLD27APW2Q1I->None
R2H8P5CJ4SSA6F->My only complaints on thi computer were already described in others reviews. So I expected it. Touchpad is not very good but usable. SD card sticks out too far. Other than that I am using it as we speak (type/read)
R3TGA4L52EGIA->It's an excelent notebook because it has good components inside, but it's a bit ugly outside.
R32NUBKX9GNDYI->None
RAJJGU1SH1U2X->None
R1TU456PAVLAAL->None
R3K3YMMSMG9XC8->None
R2D1WPRK48YOBQ->JUNK....RECIEVED THIS ON A SATURDAY AND CALLED TECH SUPPORT ON MONDAY....POWER ON OFF BUTTON DOESNT WORK RIGHT AND THE BATTERY GOES DEAD WHILE SHUT OFF.....THIS WILL BE MY LAST DELL
R17UKI5098RYR7->Very sluggish
R2VWW1U77MKVX5->yes
R1N22KG5MVDALI->This is a very good laptop for basic activity. It can play basic games and feels very sturdy. It streams videos very well and is overall a very nice laptop for the price.
R2ZTGPHR2YIVR7->None
R846FJU2CMXHH->None
RBOF38982GO47->None
RN0J5DIKZT390->Not as good a picture as my previous Studio model.
R36ET2KZQBUKCM->Pretty slow out of the box but once I installed a SSD hard drive and 8GB of RAM along with Windows 7 it's super fast now.
R3TV8THW2J3YXM->Kid loves it.
R3P0FV3L8OXHPM->None
R1HILM8144427D->My previous Dell laptop I had for five years and it worked great. I accidentally dropped it one night and it broke so I bought this laptop. I have only had this laptop for a few months and ive had so many problems with it. It is constantly crashing due to &#34;errors&#34;. It runs pretty slow for a new laptop. It almost always has &#34;limited&#34; Internet access to my wifi. Im constantly getting disconnected. I've tried Internet explorer, chrome, and firefox and there is no difference. My old laptop and my boyfriend's laptop have no problem with the wifi connection. I have ad blockers and virus protection that I've checked to make sure it doesn't interfere with anything. It has two stars because I get some use out of it.