R3VCGYLFP1P6I3->nice
R1UJYOTF2WWIT9->This is amazing
RLMFFTD2HHFQR->Overall a solid unit especially as a refurb. But the speakers on this thing are WEAK. For anyone paying full price, if you care about the fact that your audio will distort during scenes of high volume, do not buy this unit. While the rest of the unit is pretty solid and enjoyable, the speakers on this things are pretty awful. It loses two stars just for the speakers.
RT6WB8Y06UXQE->Screen cracked 5 weeks after purchase. Now it is forever clicking on the left side of the screen. Dell wants $269 to fix it, and all I did was close the lid and put it down. If the screen can crack by touching the keyboard, the product is really poorly designed. Doesn't actually serve as a laptop, since the bottom gets too hot to put on your lap. Dell software is buggy and the convertible functionality refuses to work. If you open the screen to tent mode, half the time it will not rotate. The battery life is good. The screen is bright and pretty. Windows 10 is terrible. There is virtually nothing about the software that is good for touchscreens. In tent or tablet mode, items in native programs like File Explorer are still too close together to be manageable. And I have skinny piano fingers. Touchscreen gestures are impossible to alter, and the screen itself picks up gestures I'm not making. Half the time I click, it detects two fingers and does a right click. The lack of pressure sensitivity means art and design applications are pretty useless. It looks like a Surface, but doesn't act like one. No matter what you do, using the stylus feels like using a marker. The keyboard layout is annoying. Dell left in useless keys like Insert, Print Screen and Caps Lock, while pushing indispensable web browsing keys Page Up/Down and Home/End into Function combinations. The keyboard backlight turns itself on every time you reboot the computer. I don't know who this is an attractive feature for. I haven't looked down at the keyboard since I was 9 years old.
RXH9K967V0ENM->When I received rhe laptop it had small scratches on the external case, definitely something I didn't expect of a brand new product. The laptop works perfectly fine however those small scratches were something I didn't expect.
R1VB20WWAHOYCZ->I have bought this laptop inspite of  ghost touch reviews. However I returned it for a full refund
R2PAZ0VRXIMK8F->Had lots of lagging on a &#34;brand new&#34; computer, would stall and just wasnt any good, in my opinion.
RVX3KWBISEZKX->Run.  seriously.  I've had a lot of trouble with mine.  touchscreen was WAY too sensitive, now it just stopped working completely. Active stylus is quirky (on my second one -- it's better but still does weird things).  I have a real problem with Kkkkkey bounce.  not sure if the problems are hardware, drivers or windows itself, but after 6 months, I'm very frustrated.  Wish I bought something else. On the pro-side, it's fast (i7), it runs quickly (after you upgrade to SSD) and it's compact.  the screen is bright and sharp.
R2C5YF2ZT9V8KA->It has a design flaw where the screen get's ghost touches. A part of the screen doesn't respond to touch at all. (Right side) If you don't plan to use the nice stylus or the touch, go for it. If not... don't bother buying this one. On the other hand, it's a nice sleek slim laptop with a flippable screen. (Again, don't you dare to consider using it as a tablet or you'll cry). About the fan, yes, if it starts, it will make some noise. If you are a noise killer, avoid this one. As soon as it starts getting loaded, the fan will start spinning. While using it unplugged and just browsing and doing some light stuff, you won't hear it. Edit 10/21/2015 IT's DEAD.
R1NL7E5VIV9906->super satisfied
R25DEINB6QQQS5->Good silo far
R3GYHOBIROU8GM->Really pretty, reliable, good battery life.  Touch screen is nice!
R2JCLWPPLB8SAE->Just received it this morning. I've been testing for a few hours, and getting rid of unwanted junk- there isn't much of that, thankfully. Just a few remarks and observances that might help with buying decisions, especially addressing previously reported issues. 1. Fan noise: I immediately downloaded Win 10 and the fan did come on for quite a while, but I can't hear it. I can feel slight flow out of the top (back) of the unit and if I put my ear directly on the opening I can vaguely hear the sound of distant winds. Maybe a resolved issue?? 2. Touch screen dead spots: I can't find any. I'm far from being any sort of artist but spent 20 minutes drawing graphs all over the place. Seems to be very symmetrical and precise. One point, possibly worth noting; the stylus is not active, read many places that it came with a nice one, and it is cool, just never read either way. 3. Speed: After a ton of research, this is as fast as you are going to go, right now, at this price point, with all of these bells and whistles- if you want them. Mac pro has a better chip (i5 5257- do the comparison) and 1866 MHz RAM, but far less functionality and $400 more. I upgraded my 18&#34; Gateway to &#34;10&#34; and that sealed the deal for me. It's not Mac os yet but a huge leap in speed, simplicity, and integration. End of the day, this thing is screaming fast. Quality Seagate drive (just up the road from me)- A complete restart from shutting down to all up is 12 (twelve one-one thousands) seconds, and from sleep is 4 seconds (no apps, office, or personal files loaded). Streaming video works perfectly. The HD 5500 seems far more than equal to that task (again the i5 5257 has the new Iris 6100 which is a much faster GPU but at a hefty cost with no touch- pick your poison). I think the 5500 will do everything anyone would ask of it (except gaming), but then the 6100 isn't going to do that either- say 'external card'. 3a: The 'ac' wifi card is way faster than 'g'. I have 80 mb/s- hard wired and get about 9 mb/s on my Gateway in the living room, distant from the router. This hit 66 mb/s on the xfinity speed test out of Dallas (1000 miles) in the same couch spot! 4. Etc: Some say they have trouble with the touchpad, but seems impeccable- way better than my last small laptop. Unexpectedly, the keyboard is amazing, tactile is perfect, and the separation between the keys is spot on, imho (I'm 6'3&#34;). 5: And best of all, no buyer's remorse, one day in anyway...
R3AKKAIFQNW1QG->So far so good! It is nice-looking and fast! More importantly, it is both a laptop and a tablet. It is light, BTW.
R2TBLT0VKO92O7->Wi-Fi Keep Disconnecting! even after updating the network card driver. It made me buy a usb wifi adaptor.
R14B8W4POVDK56->It arrived in perfect conditions. The computer is great. Fast, easy to use, and very well built. Screen quality is also very good. The only thing I disliked it that it miss the internet RJ45 port.
R3F4GT4NVEPDCY->I've had this for about a week now and it's very close to perfect. The keyboard has a feel that is very close to a Macbook which I like. The touchpad is one of the weaknesses. I am not sure if it's the texture of it, but it's definitely not very sensitive to touch. The touchscreen is fantastic. Looks great, very responsive, etc. The overall build is very good too. The positives are : - Looks - Build Quality - Touchscreen - Screen Options (Tablet, Laptop, Tent, etc) Negatives - Touchpad - 1 Memory/DIMM Slot (Dell only supports up to 8GB) The jury is still out for me on the hinge design. It makes a bit of a creaking noise when I change it from tablet to laptop. I cannot yet comment on how it holds up.
R33VH2C0YTPNSX->Lightweight powerful and awesome graphics
R2VKQV7VSGCCMN->Pretty much wish the fan was quieter other wise I love this thing and that it comes with a stylus.
R1IJ2OF9OQWUFV->this is a good laptop totally, besides the fan noise( screams around ears) and the unfriendly touchpad. It runs win10 very smoothly.
R2UKPOT91T1O9S->Arrived quickly and as advertised. Great buy.
R3OA9XBOA2WH9X->The fan have a annoying noise when running and you can't bear with it. This laptop often freezes .
RTVOOZC7M1IFD->excellent
R39NM2QDT17Z2Q->Very nice! I'm happy with this computer, it's slim, chic, fast and functional.
R3PWRE6ZSES449->My son loves it.  It especially fast now that I have swapped out the original hybrid drive for a Samsung EVO SSD.  It is a shame that they sell these at all with a standard drive.  With the SSD, the computer boots in 5 seconds or less every time.
R3H3CJQR3ZXJ4->Fantasic computer
R3JZZ12UG4B57Q->This is my first time buying in Amazon. Since the school season is coming back now. And lesson's learned. I would never buy an expensive laptop online again! It's confusing to return this laptop since I really need it for my school now. The problem is that I bought this beautiful laptop because I need the stylus so that I could draw on the screen. But what happen is there's a certain area on the screen that I couldn't draw on. And most annoying is that it keeps on clicking by itself! preventing me on writing peacefully without disturbed by this &#34;ghost clicking&#34; area that keeps on clicking every minutes. I'm going to check in to dell shop tomorrow. I hope they could help me solve this issue. I hope....
RGKJO9IO1M6NW->Who will like this product when the CPU fan makes such a noise from the time of unpacking the box.  Initially I thought this problem is isolated, but I found same issues reported on forums. How can Dell release such products into market?
R4Q6G21HR24WW->Quick and beautiful! FAST shipping!
R2X4IIIF4BGLH->love it, all around great machine.  no problems
R1W3KHG9AIK7K5->it is so far good one , however it is heavier than what i have expected , also the battery life is 3 -4 hours , otherwise its good.
R2O8GPUOUS37PI->It's been about a month since I've had it, and I've fallen madly in love with this DELL laptop.  I have the upgraded version with SSD drive, and the quickness of boot, wake up/sleep and shutdown is amazing, just like a tablet.  DELL did an amazing job here, putting together all the best features of an iPad and Windows PC. Windows 10 rocks, it's easy to use and makes me feel like old windows all over again. I put together a desktop setup for this laptop.  Already had a monitor, bought an external 3GB HD drive, and keyboard/mouse.  So it's easy to use on my desk when I need a bigger screen, and still take it into the living room, kitchen, all over the house when I need a super portable laptop. The weight doesn't bother me at all.  In fact, I easily rest it in my lap, with the keyboard folded behind the screen.  It's about 3x as heavy as an iPad, but I really hardly feel the extra weight. The 13 inch touchscreen is so easy to use, and comes in handy when keyword is folded.  I also use the touch screen even when I have the keyboard in front of me, since it's so easy. The touch feedback and sounds when you touch the screen and type are high quality and very unobtrusive.  At the same time, they help you navigate and let you know what you're typing and touching. Value for the price is outstanding.
R2LCC2GA92GSRV->This product has a well documented design flaw. The touch screen will have &#34;phantom touches&#34; on a vertical line up and down the screen. This has happened to hundreds of consumers and is chronicled on Dell's own website in owner forums. If you ask for a replacement, Dell will offer to send you a refurb that was sent back to them for the SAME reason. Nobody in the whole company has the ability to replace your computer with a new one or to give a refund. Bottom line....horrendous customer service on a flawed design! Do they care? Not one bit. Stay away from this computer and buy from a company that will support it's products.
R2ZMT08WOS2234->I love my new Dell Inspiring 7000. Its large enough to see but not too large to lug around. I do recommend when buying this to also buy the screen protector sheets.  So far I haven't found anything negative about this product but I've only had it less than a week.
RCJNDBC8SHJEX->This unit is a convenient size, and in three weeks of using it I haven't had a single problem. This is a bit of a different experience for me since it doesn't have a hard drive, just a 256gb SSD. So I have to be a bit more careful of software and data bloat on this computer, and just keep it down to what I need to be productive in a portable environment. A few notes: * The screen is attractive and the touch sensitivity works great. * Because of the SSD drive, it boots quickly. * Windows 10 installed on this without a hitch and everything runs fine after the upgrade. * I did get a portable USB optical drive to use with this, since to keep things compact they did not build one in. * The trackpad works really well. I don't use trackpads a lot. I carry a spare (small) wireless mouse instead. But this one may be somewhat easier to control than others I've used. This will definitely be my go to unit for business day trips where I need a notebook computer with me. It will not replace my 17&#34; notebook on vacation where I need to do substantial development on the road. The screen is just too small to handle hours of dedicated work. Recommended.
R16HPWI2JHM5OP->Running Ubuntu on VMware player Android studio together. Touch is good. Stylus works fine. Very happy with the product. With all the features and powerful performance it was a real good investment in 2 in 1
R1VKYFA5O67J17->I purchased the 7348 model with i7-5200U and the 500GB.  Since then, I upgraded to the 256GB SSD to take advantage the overall power of the laptop, and was happy with the decision.  Overall, I like the laptop with some pros and cons to share.  I hope you might find them helpful in deciding whether this is the right laptop for you. Pros:  1) Fan is whisper quiet; 2) Touch screen is bright and &#34;calibratable&#34;; 3) Price is very reasonable ; 4) A Lenovo Yoga-like 2-in-1 360 deg.  display rotation. 4) Full-size HDMI port; 5) 2 USB 3.0 and 1 USB ports. Cons:  1) The battery life of about 5 hours is reasonable but I was hoping for 7 hours.  2) There was no touchpad driver available as the &#34;cursor jumping&#34; issue is very noticeable.  After installing all the latest drivers it was still a problem.  Finally, Dell Tech support helped to narrow down to the sensitivity issue which can be adjusted under &#34;device/touchpad.&#34;  This was an annoying issue.  3) I wished that this laptop is slotted for mSata to reduce more weight as 3.6 Lbs can still be a bit too heavy for frequent traveler.  4) The bottom can get a bit warm while sitting on my legs. Overall, it is a good quality laptop with inexpensive components/materials.  Look into Lenovo Yoga3 or Aspire V7 if you want a step up.
RSH6QZYAS1EQI->excellent!!!!!
RWINNR18S28WL->Three main issue with this model (i7-5500u) - The fan is loud and any little task will cause it to spin. (actively browsing the web will cause it to spin at full speed) - The fan exhaust point downward, and having this laptop on your lap is uncomfortable after just a few minutes, heat builts up quickly. - Performance greatly hindered by a single channel (64bit) memory design I owned this machine for about 4 month , and the fan is now rattling. I have to tap the side of the laptop every now and them to make the rattling stop. The value is still good, but this laptop is hot & loud for the performance delivered. Also the screen is EXTREMELY reflective, its almost a mirror if your background is not white. 
R340KQW4P9B6IM->I am really happy with this laptop.
R1K0I1IVY4PX08->See video on Amazon.com I have received defected item and this laptop crashed many times. Here are some episodes that I had with this laptop.- popping up a small window with green letters: I could not read them becuase it diappears so fast. -  screen freezes often while using and not responsive at all to any kind of inputs.(including touch screen): shown as in video -  All of sudden, a keyboard button stop working, not all of them, only keyboad button "C".: I have another video about this issue but could not upload it because I can only upload one video. - turned off without a reason Wierd thing about this laptop is that turning off solves the issue(whatever the issue is)and it gives me another issue next time. I just returned this laptop because I did not want to deal with 'new' kind of issue next time. Hope other people would not have the bad luck as I did.
RVYOGHIWAKOL2->Well I bought a Dell Inspiron as my first laptop back in the day and found it to be great but pretty huge. My second laptop was a Sony Vaio which was just about the same cost as this Dell Inspiration 13 7000 series with a slightly smaller screen but was heavier. If I compare it to that one, I would still say that was better as it had a Blu Ray drive and a harddrive that was bigger (but sadly still the same mechanical one that is the conventional harddrive, and it had much less ram (coming in at 4GB). I use laptops for media and business stuff so for media that Vaio was great. I bought lots of discs and used it to view them.  Coming from that perspective I was afraid that having a laptop that ditches a disc drive wouldnt be so good, but after experiencing that with a Chromebook I bought reletively recently, I found I could manage. I enjoyed my time with this laptop from Dell. It is much sleeker design than most bulkier laptops from the past few years and especially from the Inspiron line through the years. I wonder if they brought in a more modern designer. Though sadly, the designer seems to have wanted to add a pretty wide margin of space from the edge of the view-able screen to the rest of the top portion of the laptop. The laptops screen is HD resolution and is fantastic for watching video. Flipping it over enables it to be used as a tablet which provides a very immersive experience for video viewing. Even more so, the sound comes from the side of the laptop which means nothing is distorted while listening. However I prefer connecting to a Bluetooth enabled speaker or using headphones instead (yes it has Bluetooth). Im just really impressed with the video viewing capabilities of this. And it does HD BD quality video files well too. Im pleased with the RAM and processor too, it is able to handle tons of tabs (by tons I mean 20+ on Chrome) without giving me messages or giving me tons of slowdown which other computers do. Do not get anything in 2GB RAM sizing as its just too restricting. Only thing this computer cant do is  most modern videogames. The fan that is usually whisper quite gets pretty loud and thus the chassis heats up fast. Apart from non visually taxing things like Hearthstone or visual novels, I really wouldnt spend time on trying to buy and get the latest games like the newest Sims or The Witcher 3 on this sorry. And who would want to play those in low settings? So all in all this is a fantastic laptop for the video viewing capabilities. Its on the lighter side, it has lots of ram, and is whisper quite for general use and video watching. Design wise it looks sleek and fresh. It is perhaps one of the better laptops from Dell in years. Its also windows 10 ready, and doesnt come with bloatware and other excessive things. It runs VLC well for videos, and Chrome works wonderfully too. Minor advice, probably invest in a wireless keyboard and wireless mouse, the keypad and keys arent that comfortable. Its minor and nothing I would ding the whole computer for, but these days it seems all designers across the board have failed to innovate and explore better user input methods on keyboards. Only benefit is the backlighting though.  The touchscreen is a nice cosmetic touch for control, but you wouldnt really want to be touching and smearing the screen that much, especially since its kind of reflective in some light settings. Meanwhile, from my experience, excessive reliance of the touchpad on laptops leads to wear and tear and it looks ugly when they use these gray ones and you can start seeing discolorization after awhile. It also requires, on this laptop, quite a bit of pressure to click. And finally the battery life could be a bit better, coming out with around 5 and half hours is kind of low for a laptop in Summer 2015. Definitely keep the power cord handy. It will be interest to see how much charge the battery retains after one year of use.  Will update to see if it still gets that much.
R15SBJU0RVOWI4->Update 10/8/15: I recently upgraded to Windows 10 (free upgrade) on this computer without any problems. Windows 10 is a major improvement over Windows 8, and it makes the combination of touch-screen/keyboard-mouse navigation of this laptop even easier to use. Two thumbs up! This is a cool convertible laptop from Dell that sports all the latest components - a core i7 processor, a 256 GB SSD, and a beautiful 13.3 in IPS screen with vivid colors and touch sensitivity. The design is attractive, with an all-aluminum chassis that looks similar to a Macbook Air when closed. The lid opens up on two sturdy hinges and folds back all the way so that you can use it as a tablet. There is a full-size chiclet-style keyboard that is reasonably spaced. Typing on it feels pretty good, although key movement is a little shallow for my tastes. The best part of the laptop is the HD screen - it is bright, even when outdoors (although the glossy screen can be a problem in direct sunlight), and it's great to watch movies on. One design issue - there is a pretty large bezel around the screen (i.e. the screen doesn't go all the way to the edges). This is a mixed blessing, because it's unused space and makes the laptop bigger than it needs to be, but it also gives a place to grip the laptop with when you hold it in tablet mode. Performance feels very zippy with the SSD and i7 processor. Battery life is quite good also - lasted 8+ hours with normal use. Fan noise was noticeable while watching a movie, but thankfully it didn't kick in too often. Although the laptop worked fine in tablet mode, it's too heavy to hold in one arm for long periods of time - at 3.6 lbs, you'll never forget that you're not holding an iPad. There is a nice passive stylus that is stored in the laptop itself. Overall, this is a high-quality convertible laptop that, while a little too big and heavy for prolonged use as a tablet, is great to have as an all-around portable computer.
R2ZDY0C4R0MCQC->Pros: Size - I like it.  My old 17&#34; XPS is a wonderful device - I have two 1TB SSD's in it and 16 GB of memory with an I7 processor.  It's a beast, and fast! However, it's also big, heavy, puts out a fair amount of heat and fan noise, and it not always convenient to lug around, particularly on road trips. By contrast, the little 2-in-1 fits that bill quite nicely. Also, the smaller drive forces me to think hard about how much stuff I really need to keep on my HD. It's the anti-packrat laptop. Touch screen - seems to work fine for me, although at 1920 x 1080, my big old fingers have to be careful about what I select. The built-in stylus is useful for getting around that. Screen - 1920 x 1080. That is just about the practical limit for this little 13&#34; screen. I can get stuff done with this screen.  Screens with less resolution don't appeal to me. I guess I just like to sprawl. Keyboard - quite decent touch for everyday typing.  Nice to be able to switch between standard function keys or specialized keys (volume, lights, etc) by tapping Fn + Esc.  However, see note under &#34;Cons&#34;. OS - Windows 8.1, soon to be upgraded to Windows 10 around the end of this month.Tablet mode - works well, easily &#34;tabletable&#34;. I like it. Adware and Crapware - these seem blissfully non-existent on this box. I know there are other companies that DO install all that stuff on their consumer products, leaving the end user to sort it all out. Dell Support - I have been a personal fan of Dell's support site for a long time.  They make it easy to download drivers and get updates, query the warranty status of your PC, see how it was originally shipped, etc. This is in sharp contrast to one other major company which I will not name here. I have had intimate familiarity with both companies on the server side for many, many years, and I like Dell. Cons: Short battery life - about 4 hours under normal usage, maybe less with heavy file I/O. Weird keyboard combinations -  the Home, End, Page Up, and Page Down keys require that the left hand hold down both Ctrl and Fn to make them work. It's kind of awkward but one gets used to it. Might ruin me for a regular keyboard later on though. I guess this is a compromise that must be made because of the smaller keyboard real estate available. There is no key combination to disable the touchpad while typing. However, one can set the touchpad so that it will disable itself if it detects that an external mouse is attached. That works for me. If I remove the wireless USB for the mouse, the touchpad goes active. When I plug it back in, the touchpad goes inactive.  Simple enough. Overall, I'm pleased with the purchase. No need to look back. And for the price (I paid under $700) it can't be beat.
R1RZNVGVBERJS0->This review is for the 13 7000 Series i734-7143SLV (sometimes they change model numbers or place reviews for different computers on one style of computer which I've always found confusing). Wow. This is amazing. This is only my first day with it and I will update if anything changes. I'm quite the novice when it comes to computers. I use them mainly for reading, social media,  work (big user of Word), and lately watching more and more videos. This shipped &#34;clean&#34; meaning there was no bloatware or games with it. Windows Defender was the only security program it came with It comes with Windows 8.1 and gives you the option of upgrading automatically to Windows 10 when it releases. The keys are backlit (I LOVE this) so you can easily see them in low light. If you don't use them for awhile they will go dark but as soon as you touch them, bam, they light up. I had a free trial of Microsoft Office from my HP book and I was able to install (copy) that to this computer by logging into my windows account. I'm still not 100% sure how the cloud works, and I keep most of my photos/videos on my oldest computer (which does not have office installed, only Word 2010). After adding the Office apps, my hard drive said I had 203 free of 229GB. The computer 'folds' so you can use it as a tablet, and then you can &#34;tent&#34; it without needed a cover (like iPad needs cover inorder to 'tent' it) if you want to watch movies or give presentations. 2 3.0 USB ports and one 2.0 along with cardreader slots And HDMI port. there is a little 'pen' (stylus) that is hides in a little built in slot and you simply press it to &#34;pop&#34; it out when you want to write with it. I'm still learning my way. Having been an Evernote user with my iPad, I've been told OneNote is probably even better than Evernote now so I did a bit of playing around with it and it will take some getting used to. It recognized my wifi printer right away. The fan does work alot. And the bottom of the laptop does get warm. I have been working on it since it arrived though. Battery life told me 9 hours and that was about 6 hours ago. Now it says 2.5 hours to go but I was also streaming a TV show. By the way, I thought the sound (using head phones) was amazing. Outstanding! I tried the same TV show in my iPad and I do have to say, it was a bit more colorful and crisper, but the sound on the Dell was movie theater experience ( was using Philips headphones). It had this &#34;Fresh Paint&#34; app where you can sort of photo shop photos - it's cute, but it doesn't really explain how to actually do it. I have noticed when using Chrome to go online, the arrow on the track pad doesn't show up. When I use explorer, there is not problem. Prior to this computer I was using a Dell Inspiron 14R that is very old. I had major problems with that computer, however, it was within the first year - had to ship it our twice to Dell, they repaired and it has worked great since. I am a fan of Dell because they did make it right. We have an iPad 2 (usually it mostly for reading/videos. We have a cheap HP Stream Netbook that we bought strictly as a backup for word documents  - but somehow it's ended up being used with HDMI cable to watch free streaming sites. It feels sturdy. I love the touch screen, though it's easy to forget you have it. It does not have a CD/DVD burner/player - but it seems most no longer do. Try to keep track of your stylus, they see very easy to lose. All in all, if I was testing this in a store, I would have bought it at the price listed. So far, I love it love it love it!
R2N7RIYIJOJ0WS->It's okay because...  It's pointless to use it as &#34;tablet-in-a-hand&#34;.  Will feel heavy after holding it longer.  The area of fan exhaust will become too warm and uncomfortable for your hand to hold.  Will be fine if you lay and use it on desk, table or laps.  I don't see the software option to force CPU to run in lower speed for light use with cooler temp.  I really like its built-in stylus, including holder.
RPYYQGQ36MHGQ->Volume Control stuck at o level. Indicator of volume level stuck at top left corner of screen. Only way to get rid of annoying issue is to &#34;disable&#34; the &#34;High Definition Audio Device&#34; but then we have a mute laptop in hands. Dell is still trying to figure out the cause of this. MS was of no help.
R3SZXZJSBY3LOY->I have had this for 2 weeks.  So far so good.  I really like the form factor, the feel of  the metal and overall feels very solid and high quality.  Love the keyboard, very easy to use and really like the feel.  So far seems to perform well.  Like the ports and connectivity.  Getting ready to upgrade to the SSD and will use existing as external backup with small case you can buy here.  Samsung 850 EVO 250GB 2.5-Inch SATA III Internal SSD (MZ-75E250B/AM).  Anker® 2.5 Inch USB 3.0 Hard Drive Disk External Enclosure Case for 9.5mm & 7mm 2.5&#34; SATA HDD and SSD.  Display very nice.  Sure it is not super light but I don't care about this at all.  Still light and I will take the feel of being solid and high quality to the extra .5 lbs.
R2JHCV7JFB8RWA->Very fast and customizable laptop. I have only had this laptop for two weeks, here are my pros and cons: Pros: Lightweight for a laptop Looks very clean and professional Responsive touchscreen Converts to a tablet quickly Fast for streaming videos and using multiple programs at the same time Beautiful screen (colors, HD, etc.) 3 USB slots Very comfortable to use (smooth finish, good keyboard, good design overall) Runs apps and programs smoothly Speakers are very impressive for such a small laptop! Beats out my old 15.6inch laptop that had harmon Kardon speakers Cons: Heavy for a tablet When changing from Tablet to laptop, sometimes the mouse will disappear. I will have to shut the computer off and turn it on again to get the mouse back. If this happens the first week I have the laptop, will it only get worse as time goes on? Trackpad is different than any other trackpad I have used before. Takes about a full day or two to get used to it. It is not bad once you get used to it The trackpad is also not very sensitive to small movements which can be frustrating The screen leaks light out around the edges. It is only noticeable in a dark environment Microsoft store is junk A lot of preloaded apps that don't have any utility Update 6/30/15: The volume button on he side of the laptop is uncomfortable to press in (you basically have to use your the tip of your fingernail). The button is also put on backwards. The minus sign (-) increases the volume and the plus sign (+) decreases the volume but It is easy to get used to.  It has been couple of more weeks with the laptop and I still really enjoy it! I would really recommend this laptop for someone who is just using it for basic browsing, streaming, games, etc. Main points: track pad takes some getting used to but the beauty and performance of the laptop makes up for it 
R3Q8I0R2QVTEQS->Amazing quality computer. The screen is remarkable compared to most things I looked at in the store before buying this. The screen is high definition, good contrast, the brightness is really even, and it is remarkably crisp. I wiped the OS and installed Debian, but Dell is pretty awesome about BIOS / EFI updates so you can use a cheap USB with FreeDOS and upgrade that way unlike a lot of modern laptops. The thing feels really high quality and the keyboard and touchpad are pretty solidly built. The touchpad definitely feels a lot nicer than most cheap ones nowadays, but it is kind of rough which some people seem to not really like.
R2VLMS78MTCQTU->I was interested in a Surface Pro 3 primarily for its portability but also its capability as a full PC. This is about half the price, if not less, than a similarly equipped Surface and is very portable and does everything I need it to. If you have a priority on portability but still want to retain some performance then I think this should be on your list of candidates. If you're looking for a CaseLogic sleeve case, I had to get the 14&#34; case because the 13.3&#34; case was too small. It won't be a gaming power house but for work it has been great. I haven't had a lot of laptops but the touchpad on this one has been the best I've ever used. Normally turning off the touchpad is the first thing I do but I've been using it without a mouse since I got it. Also, the packaging is very clean. The case has one sticker next to the keyboard for the Intel processor and the only other tag on it is the DELL logo. The material of the case looks really clean and feels good to the touch too. I like the quality of the display. One item to mention in the display department is that I noticed the Windows settings are set to enlarge text and windows. If you turn this off, everything gets too small to easily read. With it on, some applications don't play well with it. For example, some dialogs in SQL Management Studio 2014 like the one for browsing for a backup displays things oddly spaced, trees are squished to the point where they are unreadable, etc. I haven't tried any other resolutions. The fan can get pretty noisy and the exhaust out the back appears to get slightly blocked by the screen when it is opened to around 90+ degrees so I imaging it isn't getting great airflow. The type of sound it produces is a high pitched whirring, luckily it doesn't sound like a grinder. It doesn't bother me but some might find it annoying when it is going full blast if they were looking for something that won't make any noise. The speakers have no bass whatsoever but I'm not picky when it comes to audio and it isn't primarily for entertainment so it wasn't a factor in my purchasing decision. If you want to listen to some music or watch a movie on it you are going to have to have lowered expectations in the audio department. The keyboard can take some getting used to. There is a function key for accessing page up, page down, home, and end which are tied to the arrow keys. Now that I'm used to it I don't have to think about it so I haven't noticed it slowing me down any. I'm pleased with the tactile response on the keys so I don't have any complaints there. I read some reviews that mentioned issues with the touch screen malfunctioning but I haven't experienced this problem. I like the fact it has touch screen capabilities but I haven't been using it that way so maybe that issue comes up as you use it.
R287W0GAH3PPLA->Bascially good. Just the screen and displayer not fixed up very closely.
R2TH8VSGRUSJPJ->Purchased this unit to replace an old Toshiba, thus far extremely satisfied. The first thing you'll notice is that the hardware is a bit dense, as in it's heavier than it looks. (Of course it looks like it should weigh about 3 pounds.) Graphics and overall speed are right where you'd expect, with a zippy processor and excellent 2D performance both in normal computing and video playback. (Games are iffy, it's a low power onboard chipset. Final Fantasy 13 lagged a bit, but anything lower spec than that runs fine.) As a tablet, it is bulky but powerful. (When watching movies, use it in &#34;tent&#34; mode rather than resting the tablet on your legs.) As a portable workstation it's great; the keyboard is sized well and the screen is clear and vivid. One issue, and it's not a ding against the unit because it's stated plainly in the specs, is the hard drive. That thing is SLOW. (5200RPM, I believe.) Upgrade to an SSD if you're impatient like me. After slotting an SSD and spending some time with Clonezilla, resume from hibernation is on the order of 3 seconds, and cold boot takes about 7 seconds. The addition of an SSD also noticeably improved battery life. Speaking of batteries, a good power policy (and an SSD) will net you about 5-6 hours of actual use, which is pretty good for an I7. Under heavy use expect something around 2-3.5 hours. Charge time is nothing special, which is to say it's way better than my old massive gaming laptop. (12 pounds, most of it battery.) As to the inevitable drawbacks: The speakers are placed toward the back, near the screen, and are tiny and tinny. (No bass response at all, bring your headphones for entertainment usage.) Maximum volume is about on par with a cell phone. When in tablet mode, you will inevitably and often hit the small start menu button under the screen, which interrupts movies and several full screen apps. The charge cable also seems to fall out with no provocation at all. (I swear I've left it charging overnight and woke up to find the plug halfway out of its port.) A big complaint for me, and something the industry needs to move away from, is the RAM soldered onto the mainboard. This isn't a cell phone, game console, or tablet. Let us upgrade our RAM. 8GB is plenty now, but I (and many others) tend to hold onto our devices for years, and a little room to expand does factor into my buying decisions. Overall though, it's the best 2-in-1 in its price range. Windows 10 Updated Review: After installing Windows 10, the Inspiron 13 7000 actually got better. It's easier to switch in and out of tablet mode and the interface is a lot cleaner and better optimized for touch. The screen smoothing got a little blurrier, IMO, but that can be changed in settings. Battery life and performance remain mostly consistent, and boot times seem to have gotten shorter. I did have some problems with the initial upgrade install. The screen rotation stopped working and a lot of drivers and features were missing. When I performed a clean install everything worked out of the box, including rotation and tablet mode switching when opening and closing the keyboard. If you liked the software that came preloaded on 8.1, it will be gone with a clean install so beware. (I personally hate bloatware, but...) Honestly, 10 seems tailor made for a 2-in-1. It leans more toward a traditional desktop UI than 8.1, but retains all the tablet features at the same time and you can easily switch between them. One big complaint is that in many programs (notably Firefox) the onscreen keyboard doesn't seem to know when to pop up, and there's no charm or shortcut to easily access it in tablet mode. I imagine this is down to a different API being used for keyboard input in some cases, but it's pretty annoying. As Windows 8.1 had the same problem, it's not a point against 10 in the strictest sense, but definitely is against Microsoft/Mozilla.
R10ES9B492O1QG->Great product. Very responsive!  Ease of use.
R3JDPQ6V33S3OV->So far so good.  One of the things I loved about this PC was that Dell did not load it down with a bunch of free trial software.  Also - the Dell utilities for maintaining speed of the PC are useful.  It does not come equipped with an Ethernet plug but you can get a 3rd party adaptor that plugs into one of the available USB ports such as Anker and it works great.  So far - if this PC keeps running the way it is now - it will be one of the best PCs I have ever owned.
R16EVILQ3WEQVF->CPU fan is noisy
RNA46LNKZLXJS->It has been a great computer.
RPDIVKX9OX26N->Both Dell and Amazon hit out of the park with both product and service on this one. I can't think of any way to improve this computer.
RZQLNG57BLVNZ->I received the Inspiron i7348-5001sLV Signature Edition on Friday and it's now Sunday and I'm ready to share my thoughts. The short version is... I think I'll keep it! It's lighter than my 11.6&#34; Acer (NOT a netbook!) that I've had for four years and I appreciate the additional screen real estate without additional weight. I've been running Win 10P on the Acer and loving it, but will wait a little longer before adding it to this device, even though I am looking forward to doing so. I wasn't sure I'd like or use the 2 in 1 table feature, but have quickly fallen in love with it! I very much appreciate the different aspect ratio available by flipping to tablet mode and reading documents, or perusing spreadsheets in portrait as opposed to typical landscape mode on a regular screen. Surfing websites is better this way as well! As for the screen, I also wasn't sure I'd use the touch screen, but I was wrong! I'll probably struggle now working with my desktop while in the office, as I'm sure I'll be reaching up to tap the screens regularly, but oh well. I'll adjust to that new paradigm and will just enjoy the new interface option. The included stylus is a nice touch that I've also found more useful than I imagined I ever would. The only real negative I've found with this device (and it's a pretty big one!) is the ridiculously poor touchpad. I struggled with a poor one on my previous Acer and thought this couldn't be any worse, but I was wrong about that too. It's terrible! In fact, I've decided to just carry a small mouse with me and enable the setting to disable the touchpad when a mouse is attached. That works, but I would expect much better from Dell and others regarding touchpad sensitivity issues. I would have given it 5-Stars without question, if it weren't for the touchpad... Even so, I'd still recommend this device overall. Update 4 Apr 2015:  I've had this for 3 weeks now and thought I'd share an update to my experiences...  I'm tempted to up the review to 5-stars, but will leave it at 4 since I think Dell should have done something a little better with the touchpad.  I've adjusted the sensitivity and it's better, but I still use a mouse except when it's not convenient.  Better, but... I came across a great deal on a Samsung 850 EVO 250GB SSD here on Amazon and couldn't pass it up.  I have SSD's in my desktop and my old laptop and liked the performance improvement in speed and battery life and curiosity got the best of me, so I jumped.  WOW! As fast as this new Dell was before, everything is nearly instantaneous now!  It boots to a log-on prompt in about 10 seconds and shuts down in less than 5.  Waking from sleep is nearly instant, as is opening every program I have, including IE, Chrome, all MS Office programs and any others.  I really was shocked at this as the hybrid HDD was supposed to be so fast to start with.  I believe it was, but again with WOW! Go for it if you're curious, or you just want your new toy to scream!  I don't believe I could be happier overall, (yeah, except the touchpad...) and would buy this again in an instant.  In fact, I offered to get one for my wife, but she's happy with her Acer and I'm not going to argue to spend money if she doesn't want it... UPDATE  23 April 2015:  I've had this for almost 6 weeks now and would buy another in a heartbeat.  Not a single problem, or glitch and no signs of any problems, large or small!  I haven't used my iPad in over a month now as I wanted to try using this device in tablet mode instead, so I could eliminate one piece of equipment I carry while travelling.  So far, it's been ok in that regard, but perhaps that's as much because I want it to work.  There are some apps available on iTunes that aren't available in the MS App Store.  (Some is being kind to MS!)  However, for every &#34;missing&#34; app, I've found I can simply go to the website for the company without the app and work through their website directly.  There are actually a number of sites that I prefer using their websites for better than their apps, but that's a matter of personal choice. So far, so good! UPDATE  24 September 2015:  I've had this for 6 months now and would still buy another in a heartbeat. It's definitely a gem in my book!  In fact, I liked it so much I bought an 11&#34; for my daughter to replace the old Acer I'd handed down to her when I got this!  I upgraded her to an SSD also and it boots a few seconds fast than mine now!  D'oh!!!  She uses it regularly at school and says all her friends and a couple of instructors have commented on how much they liked it's functionality. Both of us are running Windows 10, mine is still the upgrade while I did a clean install on hers after the upgrade.  I suspect that's why her's is a little quicker than mine now.  Guess what I'll be doing the next time I have a few hours to do mine... Best to all!
