R759J8W35BPSW->I was very impressed by  its features. But, when I bought one and tried use, it was nothing but frustration.The display stops functioning and the screen goes blank quite often.  It recovers after a few seconds.  Very annoying.The Surface Book  suddenly goes blank and shuts off.  You have to struggle very hard to turn it on. Many times, the long hold of the power key did not work.In short, the Surface Book, in its present form, is not much more than a non-functional toy.It is a serious problem, Microsoft released such a Beta unit to the public.  The fact they released extensive software and firmware updates immediately after release clearly suggests Microsoft knew of these issues before it is released.  The over 1GB updates did not solve the above problems.  After struggling for several weeks, returned the unit to Amazon.  Of course, Amazon's customer service was great.  But, reliability of the Surface Book was awful.I hope Microsoft stops selling the current version and releases a more reliable version.
RA0QPKZN3Z771->By far the greatest laptop ever made. Like a lovechild between the macbook pro and microsoft surface without compromising on either, it really is the best tablet and the best laptop at the same time. Its light, its incredibly fast, and it can handle any application thrown at it, including games. The only downside is the price which I can promise you is worth every penny
R3UTKUY9K4XP4J->I'm not into spending too much time on reviews but thoughts I'd share since these things are expensive... I bought this as an upgrade from the Surface Pro 3 which I used the crap out of for a year as a web developer and traveling gaming rig. Here are my thoughts so far:Positive:- Visual Studio runs brilliantly, faster than the Lenovo Core i7 I have to use for work. The vertical screen space at 3:2 is so superior to any 16:9/10 display on common laptops and even the MBP for productive work.- Build and screen quality equivalent to MacBook Pro, keyboard and trackpad are great!- Works great for most games after some tweaking - you can tell there's a graphics card inside, at 1 GB memory you have to scale down a bit but you can still achieve respectable frame rates for solo play. Unliike the iPad/pro you can play *real* FPS games. ;)- Detach the screen and you have an awesome tablet (sans apps of course) - phenomenal really, you can plug the charge cable into the &#34;bottom&#34; of the screen to charge it independently of the base if you need to - but the cable is magnetic and falls off easily- Screen is large enough that I don't crane like I have been with the Surface Pro 3, no font scaling required either.- &#34;Tent&#34; mode is wonderful for movies and games with a controller and reading news in bed- 2 USB ports yay!Negative:- Touchpad doesn't always work with Chrome two finger scrolling, must restart Chrome for scrolling to work. Other times it disappears completely.- There are a lot of blue screens of death when detaching the screen, other times it locks up completely. I consciously save work and close down anything that involves video before switching modes.- I thought battery life would be longer, indicators always show &#60;7 hours total remainingSummary:- I look for excuses to pick up this laptop and use it, even for gaming
R2X01ONJWIUWGT->PROS- Powerful (with GPU version)- Ultra portable and light- Ability to detach screen CONS- Graphics card &#34;fails&#34; every once in a while--expecting a driver update to fix this soon.- It doesn't close flat (see pictures)Full review:Recently, I have begun a PhD program in statistics. I owned a 2012 MacBook Pro with Retina Display, and it was doing the job quite well. However, it became annoying to have to log in to my university's server in order to use applications like Mathematica, Matlab, and SAS. Also, my battery at maybe 85 percent health was only lasting 5-6 hours each charge, and I got tired of the bulkiness of carrying around a heavy, 15-inch laptop.So I went on the look for something less bulky with similar power and better battery life. It was difficult to find, because usually bigger laptops usually are more powerful than smaller ones due to more space--and also have bigger batteries. I looked over the Microsoft site and saw the Surface Book. It had everything I was looking for--power, portability, and battery life. I got 10% off by using the student discount (google Microsoft student discount and give your university's name).After about a week of usage, I am really falling in love with this laptop. The detachable screen is a great feature--if you just need to read for class then you can leave the keyboard behind (but note that the keyboard supplies 75% of the batter capacity). It's pretty great if you want to go to the gym for a light jog on the treadmill or elliptical machine while watching Netflix.I will update this review after the semester so I can get a good glimpse of student life with this laptop. I expect to write good things.
RBPEFT0EQYKKQ->Mostly love the SurfaceBook.  Its a great looking and feeling device.  Its a premium product to rival the flagship devices from any competitor.It boots up quick, Windows Hello logs me in with out even having to type in or swipe in a password by just seeing my face.The fulcrum hinge is functional and aesthetically pleasing.  Love that it has 2 USB ports and the SD card slot.My only complaint is that the display drivers crash a lot (mostly in Edge).  I suspect this will be corrected soon with a driver/software update.  Once this is fixed and you got a five star product.I can't say I'm surprised by this new processor, new device, relatively new OS there's bound to be some problems, Microsoft has been quick to resolve most of the bugs quickly, with 2 firmware updates and a slough of other driver and OS updates that have corrected a number of problems
R2FJZ3Q05L7OXY->Idea and looks are great.  Screen looks great.  First laptop i5 256gb with GPU crashed 5 times while performing set up and initial updates to firmware and Windows 10.  Facial recognition Windows hello would not work until a number of updates completed -- who knew.  Crashed again next morning logging in -- a lemon.  Replacement (I7 256gb w/ GPU) welcomed me with a log in screen that would not work until rebooted (no instruction).  Both arrived with dead batteries.  Touchpad on both very touchy and hard to use compared to five year old desktop mouse on Windows 10 and a five year old MacBook laptop.  Both had repeated notices of a display driver error which seeme to be accompanied by the machine running more slowly; updates have not solved after several days.  Web pages open noticeably slower compared to five year old Mac (also tested both side by side).  I should want to use the new laptop, not the five year old one!  I was disappointed, and my wife frustrated with the experience of using it. Should be much more refined for the price.  Very disappointed at this premium price.
R220VG2HSAL1X5->Just love this new machine. It got lots of updates. Nothing much to say on the beauty of the hardware, the speed of the OS, and the top quality of screen and audio system. However, I had a couple of blue screen already, the Bluetooth stack stopped forcing to reboot the machine, so I have this feeling that the underlying drivers are not 100% polished. I guess it will come with time, but it's something to consider: it's a brand new PC so polishing is not 100% perfect yet. Beyond this, I have been using it for a week now and enjoy it very much.
RO3VO5A4ZB5Q3->This arrived today, but I could not get passed the login screen.I waited 40 minutes to get to chat with someone at MSFT.If you have this problem (it prompts you directly for Other User) and you have no way to login, or do the setup,you will have to reset the device.simply hold down the SHIFT key while touching the screen Power option, and choosing Shutdown.KEEP holding the SHIFT key until you see the menu of options.Choose the last option (Tools/Advanced) which lets you reset the device.You are going to follow those steps.  When you are done, it will re-initialized the device, the way it should have been,and you should be able to setup the device properly and get logged in.===About the Surface Book.  Wow, it feels really nice.  Very solid.  Nice packaging (competes with apple for panache).It boots fast, and is responsive, but I have not done much with it.  It feels heavy for a small package.  I like the magneticpower adapter.  I will add more to this review after I spend times with it.  It is currently 51% into being rebuilt.  It was 5% when I started typing this message.
R309LN605XYSAX->If you ever owned the macbook pro, this thing is not for you.I've been using MacbookPro retina mid 2012  and I need windows to do some of my work. As soon as I saw this one on the internet, I preordered it. (The highest spec which almost costs me $3,000.)After I got it, small things started to bother me. The touch pad move is not as smooth as MBP's. Connecting to 2nd monitor always goes back to initial setup, so I have to set up again as extended monitor. Windows 10 has too much small bugs(Maybe this is not bug, just unfriendly and ungraceful user interface)  which is not critical, but it is very inconvenient to do everyday jobs.The pen is great. I think this is better than iPad pro. But there was not much thing to write or draw for me.I really tried to like this laptop, but after 3 weeks, I gave up.Hardware itself is as good as apple's, but the software is not there yet.I go back to MBP. I still need windows laptop, but I cannot find one. (Maybe Razer blade?)
R1X00FIYTE4NKV->Waited 4 weeks for an expensive paperweight!  Had a few bugs. Then after 30 min of use the monitor overheated and went black.  After it cooled down, I installed new firmware updates. Five min later it's dark again.  This happened 5 or 6 times before i called customer support.  After being passed to several people I was told to return it.  The customer support was as dark as my monitor.  They didn't even attempt to get me to exchange it.  I think they've had a lot of returns.  Don't waste your time. Maybe they'll get it worked out in a couple years, although i doubt it.
